https://lichess.org/hca0mb9v,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/vaa06ch4,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/4o6lk3gj,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/scss3c5n,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/35m1o7cj,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/espwxcag,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/kvzi11t1,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/uglmi0pq,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/d6vxjp1j,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/e2tbhgom,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/cu6x7sfz,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/xbfnaxmo,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/5g0kgttj,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/3kdwf4at,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/o6mld7g0,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Rosenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/25kvoz1w,,,Indian Game: Tartakower Attack
https://lichess.org/3n5r57q7,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Anti-Moscow Gambit
https://lichess.org/t2cs01w8,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Italian Four Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/4hqvbv5d,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/3qlyk55t,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/qfyvgbe5,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/uxkwqqn1,,,Four Knights Game
https://lichess.org/xpxxik18,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/h9ijsufi,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/opfswwt7,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/31jlxrme,,,French Defense: Tarrasch Variation
https://lichess.org/n5um0uyp,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/3rlxw36e,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/y65yq9op,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/vn6b4jr8,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/mh7ss6vo,,,Indian Game: Wade-Tartakower Defense
https://lichess.org/xni0zij8,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/cnent7zf,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/9ddxr9kg,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Botvinnik Variation
https://lichess.org/tjfbl7fk,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/lq8ul77r,,,St. George Defense: New St. George, Traditional Line
https://lichess.org/ltmh7xi8,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/06r2k4i6,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/vetydnn5,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/rb0xcaov,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/8eq6azl7,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/jktf11dt,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/12jlguzs,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/o2l2ra8g,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/qd0pk5nv,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/eqralcjr,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/iwz4x6w4,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/by1g8ony,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/noff16z7,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense, Janowski Variation
https://lichess.org/9dh5wo6d,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/s9hl6ouh,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation
https://lichess.org/n67e1991,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/s3nr0v8a,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/5idyh6op,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/vmftne9d,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/jpfftsmr,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/hbszt4yf,,,Sicilian Defense: Delayed Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/6n7axl08,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/ga6ekktd,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/zyhneh6b,,,Bishop's Opening: Vienna Hybrid, Spielmann Attack
https://lichess.org/v9g6wbpt,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/ikdget1t,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/qgsga9fp,,,Scotch Game: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/eyda5jr4,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/vezf9vyd,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/ajb2av2i,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/vwa8ajti,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/9npzwewn,,,Sicilian Defense: Delayed Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/6x8zw3y7,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/m85x3xbc,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #2
https://lichess.org/z0o1wjhr,,,English Opening: Anglo-Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/zovo5jww,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/fsafb6k4,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/nm6zmz90,,,Van Geet Opening
https://lichess.org/wjzz9bdm,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/wvkkfh56,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/z8kwb3p8,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/go7w6jj7,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/i1wt52od,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/c9qfp8es,,,Bishop's Opening: Vienna Hybrid
https://lichess.org/d1pdbfga,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Showalter Variation
https://lichess.org/g0cm4yme,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/1q0memnr,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/hm4egf7y,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/tb8uut9a,,,Owen Defense: Smith Gambit
https://lichess.org/at8j9t71,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/7r4la14g,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/7szko79y,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/v96omqbo,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Gedult Gambit
https://lichess.org/evvfluof,,,Vienna Game: Max Lange Defense
https://lichess.org/t45uawtq,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/rgnpxeq9,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/24o7a5mw,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/mgnijq0f,,,Van Geet Opening
https://lichess.org/p4t6m434,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/nfxf1fmi,,,Canard Opening
https://lichess.org/lwiyxtwc,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/xrsqth2o,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/pl0mbfcr,,,Russian Game: Modern Attack, Center Variation
https://lichess.org/ancngao7,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
