https://lichess.org/9kzr3vtr,,,Scotch Game: Scotch Gambit, Dubois Reti Defense
https://lichess.org/54dx35jc,,,Four Knights Game: Spanish Variation
https://lichess.org/lb8bkjt1,,,Mieses Opening: Reversed Rat
https://lichess.org/rpt85995,,,Sicilian Defense: Katalimov Variation
https://lichess.org/ai1pghdf,,,Scotch Game: Haxo Gambit
https://lichess.org/1lqbbp4i,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/0qlkdkda,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Franco-Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/d9frshnl,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense #2
https://lichess.org/yck3aqvr,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/1cr8q7r0,,,Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/ug66brmo,,,Sicilian Defense: Marshall Counterattack
https://lichess.org/u14tyovf,,,Sicilian Defense: Delayed Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/r9j5j00y,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/z51x523y,,,Sicilian Defense: Delayed Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/g5vi9wig,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/tdq8ljfa,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/eso8v7s5,,,Queen's Pawn Opening: Veresov Attack, Irish Gambit
https://lichess.org/ss0iwnw9,,,Sicilian Defense: Delayed Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/itu1z30t,,,Sicilian Defense: Katalimov Variation
https://lichess.org/v18m4s8o,,,Slav Defense: Two Knights Attack
https://lichess.org/rj5ymipn,,,Sicilian Defense: Delayed Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/kosac3dq,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/uhtxvp7j,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Accelerated Move Order
https://lichess.org/8aeug3yh,,,Sicilian Defense: Morphy Gambit
https://lichess.org/72f4jdy3,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/4mqfq8hd,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/l6if35q7,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed
https://lichess.org/j7i999zt,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/546b9giz,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/2i83ggs0,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense #2
https://lichess.org/rzjswpcv,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit Deferred
https://lichess.org/8khwxyly,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/vmw6ska3,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/1t8u78nw,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/cahkc3v2,,,Alekhine Defense: Two Pawn Attack, Lasker Variation
https://lichess.org/e4maaclp,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/2u2u7du4,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense #2
https://lichess.org/rhanq7aw,,,Sicilian Defense: Katalimov Variation
https://lichess.org/05edf95j,,,Sicilian Defense: Marshall Counterattack
https://lichess.org/k0evg4ek,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Accelerated Move Order
https://lichess.org/zprhtrgh,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense #2
https://lichess.org/7u525qd1,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/f73f2wv4,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack, Welling Variation
https://lichess.org/8trri7pj,,,Sicilian Defense: Marshall Counterattack
https://lichess.org/har9zm09,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/lghl6ach,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense #2
https://lichess.org/y0vvjr32,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/pgr0qcn1,,,Rat Defense: Antal Defense
https://lichess.org/zfv6e166,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/a59evrwr,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/rl1bwodm,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Reversed Sicilian
https://lichess.org/szypyxy7,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/r58rahyq,,,King's Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/jbuzruvj,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/5guw75n9,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/unyhk2s6,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/3y88wwzz,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/3qo0k6oo,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/kenx7lfq,,,Torre Attack #2
https://lichess.org/65ko0exp,,,Bishop's Opening: Philidor Counterattack
https://lichess.org/9u45vvq2,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation, Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/ouf66j6i,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/m48ixw7n,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/52j6e03r,,,Sicilian Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/oewwkkcw,,,Queen's Pawn Opening: Veresov, Richter Attack
https://lichess.org/1qxq8wwe,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/ewp4454u,,,Sicilian Defense: Scheveningen Variation, Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/30nmwxvu,,,Sicilian Defense: Marshall Counterattack
https://lichess.org/wdztghhs,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/1t2kxec5,,,Sicilian Defense: Accelerated Dragon, Modern Variation
https://lichess.org/aab3psbp,,,Latvian Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/4fwbyq05,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/tknxpk5u,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/z9zfr87f,,,Tarrasch Defense: Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/2bt5tx6q,,,Sicilian Defense: Scheveningen Variation, Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/hx94ttld,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/r5y3zqm2,,,Three Knights Opening: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/f4e24oz9,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/dht2wmpj,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/mg17i0dm,,,Slav Defense: Alekhine Variation
https://lichess.org/t0qn56a5,,,Alekhine Defense: Scandinavian Variation
https://lichess.org/hu3j6csj,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/1cxc3jgd,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/prt8hb6x,,,Old Benoni Defense #2
https://lichess.org/bso25n47,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Saduleto Variation
https://lichess.org/o3oxwbao,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/akjx7a2j,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/zizuvipn,,,Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/zrpv13ey,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/o1znf8xe,,,Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/tfqkj556,,,Alekhine Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/450moosx,,,Scandinavian Defense: Blackburne-Kloosterboer Gambit
https://lichess.org/hye2na95,,,Benoni Defense: King's Pawn Line
https://lichess.org/i3ormpqu,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/fo13hc1s,,,Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/slit9l71,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/g91s0oxx,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/il5y6nwa,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/z6tqvhb0,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense #2
https://lichess.org/e70tak3u,,,Russian Game: Damiano Variation
