https://lichess.org/5klr6jpn,,,Dutch Defense: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/pvn41ok2,,,Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/h730sknj,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Main Line
https://lichess.org/1rf4o82l,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/zca9vxup,,,Philidor Defense: Morphy Gambit
https://lichess.org/8aftp511,,,Zukertort Opening: Reversed Mexican Defense
https://lichess.org/z0ule4l2,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/0qf9yqmv,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/r54q7rv4,,,Slav Defense: Two Knights Attack
https://lichess.org/bq7u0shh,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/v2vu7lz8,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/0xp6sh9f,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/0crfb2tz,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/rqxo56ar,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/kf1xuyl5,,,Franco-Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/k7cp8r3k,,,King's Gambit Declined, Keene Defense
https://lichess.org/fo8jpn6i,,,French Defense: Queen's Knight
https://lichess.org/gs2in1tr,,,Dutch Defense: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/k0oa6te3,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/si104zme,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/0efbuxny,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/qt2upplt,,,Scotch Game: Malaniuk Variation
https://lichess.org/x60winzq,,,Gruenfeld Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/70w383ny,,,Sicilian Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/0ek89da9,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/9c3dovwt,,,Semi-Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/oqd3evd3,,,Gedult's Opening
https://lichess.org/p06vvudi,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/rmi0gr88,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/cu2eud5o,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
https://lichess.org/r51txtnm,,,Slav Defense #3
https://lichess.org/fveyply9,,,Van Geet Opening: Reversed Nimzowitsch
https://lichess.org/xsw84bqc,,,French Defense: Steiner Variation
https://lichess.org/d8387cts,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/mwkqd8px,,,Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/8743nbcx,,,Gedult's Opening
https://lichess.org/qssz2qhb,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/o3rqvv8p,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/196oq9e3,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/np4ths40,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/cxat3m4o,,,Sicilian Defense: Canal Attack, Main Line
https://lichess.org/385zd8ai,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/oa0z8wx4,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/ezr4fq48,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/t31ek2u9,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/slapu8ww,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense, Janowski Variation
https://lichess.org/jihrfrvc,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/wjdzq0bg,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Nimzowitsch System
https://lichess.org/ddsw4k3x,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/6ytub73o,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/5uiumdsi,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/7bcj1r95,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/3qfz9me2,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/ej3qfbu1,,,Semi-Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/4pkjz621,,,Mieses Opening: Reversed Rat
https://lichess.org/leprxz7e,,,Alekhine Defense: Modern Variation, Alburt Variation
https://lichess.org/yyzqolxy,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/2joo5sd1,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/h6gsf0a8,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Modern Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/g5tvn6t9,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/gz1ddxp6,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/tgidlz5y,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/pj04nrtu,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/bwhiphc5,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Anti-Moscow Gambit
https://lichess.org/65a7tb68,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/7rrigtow,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/odq8vllt,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/h3gjf0bb,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/iym7t049,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/wvy0tdbm,,,Catalan Opening: Open Defense
https://lichess.org/4h5szob7,,,Slav Defense #3
https://lichess.org/xgssf8yu,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/bruz5qpr,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/n8poqu69,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Bishop's Gambit, Bogoljubov Variation
https://lichess.org/z3zxdih0,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/rohnoxls,,,French Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/2irq4pg0,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/0d0rf7ii,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/5w17q0gv,,,Semi-Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/4z9gdqxl,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/4didrva6,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/6dz6ajyi,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/26tae18h,,,Ruy Lopez: Schliemann Defense, Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/l0g5jkfe,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/jep78jco,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation, Noa Gambit
https://lichess.org/hvd69rfo,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/dme6x8ll,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/c7uguu21,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/w217z8n2,,,Dutch Defense: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/fhddenbd,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/9h6bpkp2,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/n2g7v0iy,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Normal Variation, Traditional System
https://lichess.org/aovpyyfh,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/45y7077w,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/bnwdrttz,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/uswbl5na,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/elmulz02,,,Ware Defense
https://lichess.org/8bq27ezr,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/77n9mlwe,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/jblu9tf8,,,King's Indian Defense
