https://lichess.org/q89me3vw,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/del8r2kf,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/6h3xks1q,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/hifltei6,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/87bbdwnk,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/eshkdgj2,,,Four Knights Game: Spanish Variation
https://lichess.org/saipdyz0,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/abk3ussa,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/786424yz,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/d9gwz97m,,,Gedult's Opening
https://lichess.org/wyvn0cdw,,,Pirc Defense #2
https://lichess.org/4foml1m9,,,King's Pawn Game: King's Head Opening #2
https://lichess.org/7mrgulcw,,,Englund Gambit Complex Declined
https://lichess.org/505fuw3p,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/gapbccn5,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Stonewall Attack
https://lichess.org/c4va771p,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/gl9laoef,,,Van Geet Opening
https://lichess.org/n3ur2e65,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/jkx5fnah,,,Center Game Accepted
https://lichess.org/bl56fhqc,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/n85148ua,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/mq4ntmu5,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/g7gti361,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/z6osg97h,,,Modern Defense: Averbakh Variation
https://lichess.org/k1our1h6,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Krause Variation
https://lichess.org/wh4vnwqm,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/ym066mpe,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/32akjbrk,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/e0mf0tjv,,,Alekhine Defense: Two Pawn Attack
https://lichess.org/t91ab1ss,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/oiwvfh9a,,,King's Pawn Game: Macleod Attack
https://lichess.org/d9lkjwh7,,,Neo-Gruenfeld Defense: Classical Variation, Original Defense
https://lichess.org/ljjbr5ev,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/oa21oa5q,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Modern Variation, Heral Variation
https://lichess.org/xv932ki8,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/14vrnbrh,,,Sicilian Defense: Katalimov Variation
https://lichess.org/686xu7dl,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/pldxy2fl,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: 4.Bg5 Be7
https://lichess.org/ziktrlqd,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/zsfmndk1,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/4f8y25at,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Veresov Attack, Classical Defense
https://lichess.org/peeql00e,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/scabmx3j,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/ah3rrnsn,,,King's Pawn Game: Maroczy Defense
https://lichess.org/nqcw1ll9,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/esuqp4bk,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/43mbowno,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/jj0ewoui,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense #3
https://lichess.org/gwzui3va,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/9uvi2frg,,,Franco-Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/68xnl574,,,Slav Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/gpipfddu,,,Scandinavian Defense: Boehnke Gambit
https://lichess.org/aug1qc5b,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/jz1o1p7f,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/dqiak5ym,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/3y6kvjo5,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/69lp0odb,,,English Opening: Symmetrical Variation, Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/xgzs5suo,,,Dutch Defense: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/kkgd7f0v,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/el45lw90,,,Alekhine Defense: Two Pawn Attack
https://lichess.org/6ws4u4o9,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/83vt10ep,,,Alekhine Defense: Mokele Mbembe
https://lichess.org/fktx0ft6,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/vorg4lg9,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation, de Smet Gambit
https://lichess.org/iskwdfw6,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/5veyiwhg,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/mgbfojke,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/grlbwrz4,,,Ruy Lopez: Closed Variations, Chigorin Defense
https://lichess.org/b4yyjmjx,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/snwdo4av,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/585e8hv0,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/10flsauk,,,Sicilian Defense: Lasker-Dunne Attack
https://lichess.org/781ihah7,,,English Opening: Great Snake Variation
https://lichess.org/5gpsawsc,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/8v4bknxx,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/ipkc58zk,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/z023y9uu,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Anti-Torre
https://lichess.org/vmx6ec68,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Rasa-Studier Gambit
https://lichess.org/kfr11ch9,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/mq9kgwi7,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/b683m6er,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/knembmxo,,,Indian Game: Budapest Defense
https://lichess.org/gbe6j0hn,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/gayu07vr,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ppfwsan4,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System
https://lichess.org/95kh0oem,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/vf43dd4w,,,Philidor Defense: Hanham Variation
https://lichess.org/vc1p1i9i,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/rpf4mbqi,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/j67ftq29,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/vrlp6qxf,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/csscbk2m,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/uspe1ch8,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/1tcrixcg,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/lms6cvvb,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/wup5xxcw,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/3dds41g1,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/qnxhvx8p,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/d695oxoe,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/9ndefevc,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Saduleto Variation
