https://lichess.org/v7q0elke,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/b07kq478,,,Van Geet Opening: Gruenfeld Defense
https://lichess.org/wr93df53,,,Sicilian Defense: Modern Variations, Tartakower
https://lichess.org/tv8x9729,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Baltic Defense
https://lichess.org/cohiiaj8,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/ldbwpbcw,,,Center Game: Berger Variation
https://lichess.org/fg79m8hv,,,Latvian Gambit: Clam Gambit
https://lichess.org/vroz32km,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/p98kbh0o,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/s5ti4so8,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Accelerated Mannheim Variation
https://lichess.org/367dg9oo,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: 4.Bg5 Be7
https://lichess.org/ws9v8m93,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/ge0rk50u,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/hvcuw2rh,,,Sicilian Defense: Katalimov Variation
https://lichess.org/wt7xw3bp,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/dp2ngftm,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/1yvd6k7d,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation, Albin Gambit
https://lichess.org/8q5psnd0,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Cunningham Defense
https://lichess.org/vwhm2kqh,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/qyg5sujh,,,King's Gambit, Falkbeer Countergambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/hz2yfwar,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/rdrdlrcb,,,Scandinavian Defense: Boehnke Gambit
https://lichess.org/yrkf2u3o,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/xan8j0lt,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/5bfm3aai,,,King's Pawn Game: Maroczy Defense
https://lichess.org/1c3r6zxb,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/9rnmnx4c,,,Dutch Defense: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/k9bh6pcn,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/h868mo1f,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/idlubpaj,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Neo-Mongoloid Defense
https://lichess.org/9nupb0yc,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/k4vyrkk5,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Stonewall Attack
https://lichess.org/4blaw82n,,,Sicilian Defense: Open #2
https://lichess.org/fihyr373,,,King's Pawn Game: Tayler Opening
https://lichess.org/epjxfj8t,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/uunrd06l,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/w48gyjrk,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/xslzxufk,,,Scandinavian Defense: Boehnke Gambit
https://lichess.org/69rh00a4,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Krause Variation
https://lichess.org/9vq6l4iq,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/33iwnpgu,,,Lasker Simul Special
https://lichess.org/tz7rqgrj,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/ti2jn4lg,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/8bh64qrt,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation
https://lichess.org/4anm52i8,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/n1hqnz6x,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/awqx0c7p,,,Sicilian Defense: Open #3
https://lichess.org/btqua5sw,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/ryv15ga6,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/b2e2jelj,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/3oq7b9fz,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/oywez8cl,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/3mpf56ff,,,English Opening: Anglo-Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/yfa5jd0i,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/nzphszrl,,,Richter-Veresov Attack
https://lichess.org/q2o31osp,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/bqcx14zd,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/gz46vv20,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/hpzzzgaj,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/og21pyq7,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/fgot826l,,,Hungarian Opening: Slav Formation
https://lichess.org/tm9k2p91,,,Bishop's Opening: Vienna Hybrid, Spielmann Attack
https://lichess.org/tq5hk5pt,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/baglj6s1,,,French Defense: Marshall Variation
https://lichess.org/9m8otlyj,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/kfiybrvq,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Fischer Defense
https://lichess.org/xuy70c8a,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/m2zp3qym,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/3bn6eugi,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/t1rn6fm1,,,Alekhine Defense: Mokele Mbembe
https://lichess.org/tfw6282q,,,Vienna Game: Max Lange Defense
https://lichess.org/4qilmd6h,,,French Defense
https://lichess.org/wbpfgegd,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/betqhu42,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/xtcayt3q,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/33r6cpoz,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/avk0awo4,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/344goia6,,,Zukertort Opening: Reversed Mexican Defense
https://lichess.org/zofo88r4,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/7qdgvahe,,,Rat Defense: Antal Defense
https://lichess.org/a28rru2s,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/moo97p6z,,,Zukertort Opening: Pirc Invitation
https://lichess.org/455zp7i8,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/swq5v2a4,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/x3eg67lm,,,Slav Defense: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/sbk7x6wl,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/h14k8cvp,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/d7czfdk1,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
https://lichess.org/ev96sem0,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/g67d2c2e,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/qwdhjthm,,,Latvian Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/t6590ejh,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Krause Variation
https://lichess.org/zyr66h2p,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/20dynuth,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/qxh74cb3,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/0fqsw6uc,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Reversed Sicilian
https://lichess.org/adhttx06,,,Gedult's Opening
https://lichess.org/gty9lbcx,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/aqps7qhf,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/crpwcn6v,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
