https://lichess.org/z3s5ptrn,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/661t1t4d,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/ypzzqmz8,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Indian Variation
https://lichess.org/2qn80rw2,,,Vienna Game: Anderssen Defense
https://lichess.org/8junlkto,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Stamma Gambit
https://lichess.org/fpf7zt00,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/pv82o77u,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/vztlyrxu,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/b5dbwcs5,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/whu3iofi,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/uql2v5rz,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Stonewall Attack
https://lichess.org/orhjym8n,,,French Defense: Steiner Variation
https://lichess.org/6zzjk8uk,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/bc3or3vy,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/7o8rugcp,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Franco-Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/x0kvzy8u,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen Variation, Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/ep9pd07p,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Saduleto Variation
https://lichess.org/2vtvn5pt,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/r3r8zluy,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/e80jpz45,,,Polish Defense
https://lichess.org/y8f4ucpi,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/rcsm50o2,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/lhuit1w5,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Paulsen Attack
https://lichess.org/rbc883wn,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/xxhqdhxh,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/qsc4wl23,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/6nz2dp80,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/t9ravmjs,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/y1ttijq4,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/n75ifeif,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/bh5j0p2i,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/f79se200,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/8ycxh3aa,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/9uox6s9a,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/ee5kuqnh,,,Sicilian Defense: Franco-Sicilian Variation
https://lichess.org/j0i2z879,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/38rqbfu6,,,Queen's Gambit
https://lichess.org/qvfwwmbq,,,Scotch Game: Mieses Variation
https://lichess.org/qqze4wap,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/wwnap44u,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/7lohz30m,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/k2ud92qd,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/id9o58pl,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/72shsmmt,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/tms6mzus,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/7q1cxl84,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Reversed Sicilian
https://lichess.org/6rw5g6wt,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/xivop8jn,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/htbqwj3j,,,Old Indian: Czech Variation, with Nc3
https://lichess.org/nqw6ok6v,,,French Defense: Winawer Variation, Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/d6bc30az,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Albin Countergambit
https://lichess.org/ayavi2pc,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/cozjplhv,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/9d0tmon8,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/sxbz3rip,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation, Traditional
https://lichess.org/1yi16u7i,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/jyxk1q3p,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation, Botvinnik-Carls Defense
https://lichess.org/wmsbt5eg,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/9cfely0w,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/r7kh5zjm,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/i1px4fj0,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Lasker Defense
https://lichess.org/vy0ervut,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/qglcyen3,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/58u33ywf,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/h5ycf8e3,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/kwg6yqh9,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/wtbrv0fo,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/pzg7ptgw,,,English Opening: Great Snake Variation
https://lichess.org/k4zqw4x5,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/zvti72mr,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Austrian Defense
https://lichess.org/9tllzo4q,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/yx29mv97,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/bay4c2tk,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/kbt5l3dh,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/nhzdphja,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/h2wynaqe,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Austrian Defense
https://lichess.org/oghz5zap,,,Sicilian Defense: Kalashnikov Variation
https://lichess.org/5jiovr02,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Paulsen Attack
https://lichess.org/28i6ofyl,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/1hbv7kwd,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/19kykzci,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/opbx40ue,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/goqczh2w,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/kxklrtbm,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/5usm0rw4,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/mf8doa42,,,English Opening: Caro-Kann Defensive System
https://lichess.org/guzzf861,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/fz2vgczf,,,Canard Opening
https://lichess.org/2w3q8x87,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/zy3ejqms,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/mgt7corn,,,Bird Opening: Williams Gambit
https://lichess.org/031s3dhf,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/l7dtuisx,,,Latvian Gambit
https://lichess.org/2ev86vya,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/9c94uyke,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/tsraotjr,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Normal Defense
https://lichess.org/lbfuu1y7,,,Zukertort Opening: Ross Gambit
https://lichess.org/907jrsnc,,,Sicilian Defense: Hyperaccelerated Dragon
https://lichess.org/mfe2nh9p,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: von Popiel Gambit
https://lichess.org/pawtqu8s,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
