https://lichess.org/71fl2x0c,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/a25w2h20,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #4
https://lichess.org/xgpsv7pd,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Modern Steinitz Defense #2
https://lichess.org/jxfhmn97,,,Sicilian Defense: Wing Gambit
https://lichess.org/38nf1pz7,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: von Popiel Gambit
https://lichess.org/6s3azpq2,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/lblmde68,,,Petrov's Defense #2
https://lichess.org/66e9qlxq,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/s6xqyvz3,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/08exyzls,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/heycs7kn,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/okiy1793,,,Alekhine Defense: Maroczy Variation
https://lichess.org/z3ix3hc4,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/b1r0ny9r,,,Modern Defense: Mongredien Defense #2
https://lichess.org/rq7vglmu,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/8shkkhul,,,Ponziani Opening
https://lichess.org/4tq5t5gx,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/1ee1xvfu,,,Englund Gambit Complex Declined
https://lichess.org/cfuxnd1h,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/rawqfwyp,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/wjdn9thx,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/5e3583no,,,Mikenas Defense
https://lichess.org/hlbtl5vy,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Krause Variation
https://lichess.org/l2tdeswi,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation, Paulsen Attack
https://lichess.org/o8jf20ie,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/hiw1uk2p,,,King's Gambit Declined, Mafia Defense
https://lichess.org/0a12h7sy,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/76tmjtmw,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/zu0pleg0,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/bdi2g22c,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/g7ohjwwl,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/t1cnvmxl,,,English Opening: Anglo-Indian Defense, Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/8gefg5gi,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/xk93cadi,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/dbetoyhm,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/9d4h16sn,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/7kaffio3,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation, Monte Carlo Variation
https://lichess.org/e4eujr3m,,,Carr Defense
https://lichess.org/yltl47oi,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Normal Defense
https://lichess.org/prg42gag,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/zvvcfwv3,,,King's Indian Attack: Keres Variation #2
https://lichess.org/eeln96yf,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/5b534o6w,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/061j0n35,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/n0lr3ao9,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/ktjc6fmq,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Austrian Defense
https://lichess.org/6d4butkt,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/ls41cro4,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/ilx7b37m,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/z7tt2b2k,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/zzdt7myk,,,Sicilian Defense: Nimzowitsch Variation, Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/d6tub8nf,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/p0rkpavh,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Paulsen Attack
https://lichess.org/idv1bjgv,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/l8osjvww,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System, Anti-Colle
https://lichess.org/6tq5n6bv,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/08j82rdh,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/qace3kso,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/jwyhixcr,,,Elephant Gambit: Maroczy Gambit
https://lichess.org/vic7kx8e,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/tz95py4c,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Normal Defense
https://lichess.org/ss4zpfw0,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/85az86mh,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/qraowms2,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/o8d0ucxm,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/g8mwbgd1,,,Sicilian Defense: Hyperaccelerated Dragon
https://lichess.org/0qvvudiv,,,King's Indian Attack: Double Fianchetto
https://lichess.org/lkil8k8c,,,Vienna Game: Falkbeer Variation
https://lichess.org/j6jb94vy,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Krause Variation
https://lichess.org/zglr62x1,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/exdhbzci,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/lhtppcy0,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/xzz8dvkr,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/i7rh2isr,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/en8e33rr,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/fsssqoal,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/tqec5zwn,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Veresov Attack, Shaviliuk Gambit
https://lichess.org/c2pc7idl,,,Sicilian Defense: Hyperaccelerated Dragon
https://lichess.org/zcggb5i2,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/8hv6gzh0,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/ffi5sicw,,,Scandinavian Defense: Gubinsky-Melts Defense
https://lichess.org/bv3ya4mw,,,Alekhine Defense: Scandinavian Variation
https://lichess.org/ay84fl51,,,King's Gambit Declined, Mafia Defense
https://lichess.org/mud307pp,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/u8c56fll,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/rjdfz3dt,,,English Opening: Carls-Bremen System
https://lichess.org/9qezgjjz,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/6ghpkh4i,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/hi0r4t0c,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation, Lutikov Variation
https://lichess.org/wrivetyb,,,Petrov's Defense
https://lichess.org/y44n3gex,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/22n2igrn,,,Sicilian Defense: Hyperaccelerated Dragon
https://lichess.org/0d9a8smj,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #2
https://lichess.org/dyukqlno,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/zay7r8be,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ulx7dlfh,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/ouc2wku7,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/z0d0tslr,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/jfdyg7iw,,,Zukertort Opening: Ross Gambit
https://lichess.org/rlb3zl7m,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
