https://lichess.org/gas01s14,,,Zukertort Opening: Black Mustang Defense
https://lichess.org/1xdllwo6,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/illrc41g,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/li2imtkh,,,Zukertort Opening: Kingside Fianchetto
https://lichess.org/w0xrrvzl,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/y5bbmnwh,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/kbgoolu9,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/c3u81ie1,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/8bq6mzyl,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Paulsen Attack
https://lichess.org/1f6qwckk,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/rrz5ouly,,,Petrov's Defense #2
https://lichess.org/lufvo151,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/rqksu1e2,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Vienna Variation
https://lichess.org/cnzl9zxq,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/a6dmqj5v,,,London System
https://lichess.org/1bhgpd1o,,,French Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/55vrhh2t,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
https://lichess.org/27vtwqoq,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/588m7zde,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/bqifkrgi,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/hdsigjtr,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/rikx3tdf,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/s6c9m5ub,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Gurgenidze System
https://lichess.org/4edqzl5j,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/ardco6co,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/m46iqf7p,,,Petrov's Defense #2
https://lichess.org/yzwi9pmq,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/l3ot8kk1,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/uaubrwic,,,Ruy Lopez: Bird Variation
https://lichess.org/an0drnae,,,Neo-Gruenfeld Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/hpfx6g2l,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/p7lfw1ty,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation #2
https://lichess.org/r3nfvmo5,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit
https://lichess.org/o2ehv2qd,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation
https://lichess.org/jpe8kr46,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense, Janowski Variation
https://lichess.org/9mdcyn7g,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #2
https://lichess.org/kuvtvwnp,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/ob4f504u,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/zga7bxnp,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/q3s966qe,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/mlc9ua3w,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/86kujut4,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/pd04kq7q,,,Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/8yzat44a,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/k3pjcx64,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/k9vehrxm,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/pffzspm4,,,English Opening: Anglo-Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/hf9y4jqe,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/tzfdhmo1,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/1jm62tlu,,,English Defense
https://lichess.org/h3acwm7i,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/mldshgbj,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/repomuuy,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/q280rkn3,,,Budapest Defense
https://lichess.org/r2aj6v19,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/qdqwhffc,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/d4871uic,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/i8tpjqc7,,,Vienna Game: Stanley Variation
https://lichess.org/i27dvz8e,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/z867cxvk,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/8nw49rpc,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Fried Liver Attack
https://lichess.org/36x9cww5,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/8v0rydk0,,,Hungarian Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/fhhf1r8g,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/jamnf73g,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/7kzswhjt,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #2
https://lichess.org/efqtj11m,,,King's Pawn Game: King's Head Opening
https://lichess.org/t16ebtj6,,,Sicilian Defense: Loewenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/de7mhp24,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense #2
https://lichess.org/qe5kag8m,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/vj5xexsz,,,Kangaroo Defense
https://lichess.org/oqak2kx8,,,King's Knight Opening: Konstantinopolsky
https://lichess.org/yq8qb46h,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/4enjpqi4,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/c9csctmx,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/jswi6lh3,,,Queen's Gambit
https://lichess.org/smow7gul,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/dn1gnuqi,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
https://lichess.org/93lfha8m,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/5eoaeasx,,,English Opening: Symmetrical Variation, Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/tsj8tqhg,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/wuvl70xn,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Normal Defense
https://lichess.org/j52xtilf,,,Indian Game: Seirawan Attack
https://lichess.org/ppsxgv2u,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/b5joxgt5,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation, Monte Carlo Variation
https://lichess.org/2elofxca,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/95lp93hi,,,Torre Attack #2
https://lichess.org/pq81l4xs,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/i28fafzc,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
https://lichess.org/iyefzl3i,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/z81tmj6d,,,French Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/d90zt5jg,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/1wz09r9q,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/woxopgqs,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/kmjx8euv,,,Torre Attack #2
https://lichess.org/yzcl19rn,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/kwyhyr6d,,,Scotch Game: Scotch Gambit, Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/rlp7n2d2,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System
https://lichess.org/gbobfgic,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/jjnidfnm,,,Scotch Game: Lolli Variation
