https://lichess.org/92o3q2yv,,,Ponziani Opening
https://lichess.org/l1dsfx4c,,,Pirc Defense
https://lichess.org/ab738yzn,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/o5lbqs2i,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/f4fpgmid,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/11butuss,,,Zukertort Opening: Queenside Fianchetto Variation
https://lichess.org/f4n4vkph,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen-Basman Defense
https://lichess.org/2c106hw9,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/donk12nu,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/8gr2o1gh,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/fr6ed4uo,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/l8ckouci,,,Benoni Defense: Hromadka System
https://lichess.org/p5l3rans,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed
https://lichess.org/kksoohk5,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/04kblvlf,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/2al1uahh,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/4yr64303,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/y8kxkwpr,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/7i82c9wm,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation, Linksspringer Variation
https://lichess.org/3hdh6a1i,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/8czmx1ro,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation, Barmen Defense
https://lichess.org/2hvlaxeg,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/1qmd0zan,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/l88t1bzp,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation, Fianchetto Variation
https://lichess.org/f9tysr31,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/ydajcuut,,,Center Game: Berger Variation
https://lichess.org/pr5upxev,,,French Defense: MacCutcheon, Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/rwacv5xx,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/bleiq1hx,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/kswnbaux,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/2es1igmy,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed
https://lichess.org/zslqzwsr,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
https://lichess.org/kidexzz1,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/vgf9h3n1,,,Colle System
https://lichess.org/gztt8osx,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/qwwcljxt,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/hc80ob8u,,,Sicilian Defense: Wing Gambit
https://lichess.org/x1uwie4y,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/75es2d3b,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/zgzqksqz,,,Modern Defense: Bishop Attack
https://lichess.org/irm02c2v,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/3hwa2eu1,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/rdd0xzqk,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/rspxnyn4,,,Polish Defense
https://lichess.org/9ei88kut,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Franco-Nimzowitsch Variation
https://lichess.org/sk98il36,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/03puc3f2,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/a6cqgaaq,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/unnotaip,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/1lepgpfc,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/6fpsps9a,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/qav1fe56,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/kfugf8ds,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation Accepted
https://lichess.org/uj3u6iqt,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/eqeixgmw,,,Sicilian Defense: Hyperaccelerated Dragon
https://lichess.org/f2n3hjd3,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/v5m4q3ym,,,Philidor Defense: Philidor Countergambit
https://lichess.org/sjpuphbr,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/6exolr7k,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/mdlxgrl6,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/mgkbx0ya,,,Caro-Kann Defense #2
https://lichess.org/x2977ywm,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/dn7nna2u,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/e6le6r8z,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/92awtinu,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/78dcmw3h,,,Kadas Opening
https://lichess.org/avoabgog,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/bwpcbj4s,,,Slav Defense: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/ifisae8l,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/usf4zira,,,Philidor Defense #4
https://lichess.org/ijsrrhm2,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/bf1k9b6s,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/982z1d77,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/h5xyllgu,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/3gppnhv8,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/8zv22ohi,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/hvbaf1w8,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/9t09fb6y,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/95mg8c7r,,,Indian Game: Seirawan Attack
https://lichess.org/6txmksoi,,,Modern Defense: Standard Line
https://lichess.org/ttqprkr2,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/fu67cmgr,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/plosry18,,,Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/day4ok9x,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/1b3yiuls,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/xuvzhtyw,,,Ware Defense
https://lichess.org/9qtsv771,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Modern Variation
https://lichess.org/lcij7g9b,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/ci670v8v,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/xmc5qoc6,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/kzflwjmc,,,English Opening: Anglo-Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/exzoyymk,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/nep8yo9x,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/oob2lfyk,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/7ikda2x6,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/li8wzr90,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/l55z146a,,,Slav Defense: Czech Variation
https://lichess.org/ivzfq5vw,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/ifber5eo,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/x8yfswdj,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
