https://lichess.org/xidneibj,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/6otwxig9,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/0z9vqr8g,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/i9mzzjmt,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/fq427dtw,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/ym79yecs,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/1utkila4,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/8byaw0h2,,,French Defense: Mediterranean Defense
https://lichess.org/xkzvcrju,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/gmwkb651,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/i3gr0lq1,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/38151oa6,,,Three Knights Opening #2
https://lichess.org/eow23lzj,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/pmkmxhq3,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/llge9w02,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/4swyo6sp,,,Scotch Game: Schmidt Variation
https://lichess.org/36x2kxyc,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/03mf6vvx,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/omejnb82,,,Dutch Defense: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/xrm7svyn,,,French Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/8mk3c7vz,,,Sicilian Defense: Hyperaccelerated Dragon
https://lichess.org/z3p0dlcl,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/9qzq8f70,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/60ujr85e,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/x8150hd2,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense, Main Line
https://lichess.org/tvrbn37l,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/b6gqmq9u,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/ohf4za32,,,Queen's Indian Defense: Kasparov Variation
https://lichess.org/2oz3ntd7,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation, Traditional
https://lichess.org/slwhaw3t,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/wo96apym,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/oqyacptk,,,Sicilian Defense: Hyperaccelerated Dragon
https://lichess.org/8b3mfns4,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #3
https://lichess.org/iq0cdzut,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Italian Four Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/c0p08d8q,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/mwn6cuqk,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation
https://lichess.org/oko60ym8,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Paulsen Attack
https://lichess.org/ppiy0pe8,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/bkq748d7,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/plepm96h,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/yuace5b1,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/zp3r7wpd,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/9aulikok,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/r740qu1t,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/6ply307r,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/2nhwznz6,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/w5vlz9ib,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/gzsqn2vo,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen Variation
https://lichess.org/r8essxvx,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/xfvh1ltm,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/bfsgex6b,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/fk5kb8cd,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/2a6b6tzo,,,Sicilian Defense: Wing Gambit
https://lichess.org/p3dfbu0a,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/ktju6da9,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/vjwahh8x,,,Carr Defense
https://lichess.org/0iz7d12g,,,Three Knights Opening #2
https://lichess.org/c6kld4bs,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Kramnik-Shirov Counterattack
https://lichess.org/0ks2s6kg,,,Vienna Game: Stanley Variation
https://lichess.org/83ds8mt4,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/jwuho9yz,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Huebsch Gambit
https://lichess.org/i4w07y0q,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/l6fyt5v7,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/8lzn8pjp,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/npgj501r,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/6ns1mhdy,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/r1vfndfz,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/t6aq9b17,,,Sicilian Defense: Loewenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/jal3samr,,,King's Pawn Game: Maroczy Defense
https://lichess.org/mz8v4hev,,,English Defense
https://lichess.org/trajrsc2,,,Scotch Game: Goering Gambit, Double Pawn Sacrifice
https://lichess.org/xjmachop,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/5b01omyo,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit
https://lichess.org/gbo7jyx6,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/szke1vqy,,,Sicilian Defense: Kan Variation, Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/8sg71i4o,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/y9920s51,,,Anderssen Opening
https://lichess.org/lu2ic0u1,,,Bishop's Opening: Ponziani Gambit
https://lichess.org/fsryixo1,,,Gunderam Defense
https://lichess.org/abcw70mm,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation, Greco Gambit, Greco Variation
https://lichess.org/fz58pbeo,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/pb0yv8fs,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation
https://lichess.org/mt7ff432,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/vbyu425j,,,Indian Game: Tartakower Attack
https://lichess.org/kllwvydf,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/27w5c7be,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/ub85oeeb,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/ilwsvzwk,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/8q1a6y3p,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/oekdhftp,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/qui7apfh,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/yd24ny2i,,,Ruy Lopez: Closed
https://lichess.org/copnj22y,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/8xctj6o1,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Traxler Counterattack, Knight Sacrifice Line
https://lichess.org/6q6kfpui,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/gevp7znr,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/0x47126d,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/8zg3jn44,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense, Beverwijk Variation
https://lichess.org/qz7zxgqr,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/vv51ngu2,,,English Defense
