https://lichess.org/8ftpygw9,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Italian Four Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/wf4n2b1i,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/ylrgr07b,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/m7crb9pt,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/ixmync4l,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/5le6mdlj,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/1yyc133l,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/tbvuoyyu,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/wjnhfdbn,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/4n00p4tn,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/gqamejfw,,,Sicilian Defense: Marshall Counterattack
https://lichess.org/c33ycn83,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/8s9wwwha,,,Indian Game: Wade-Tartakower Defense
https://lichess.org/9jos77w9,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/jcu9eh5z,,,Slav Defense: Modern
https://lichess.org/ggv7doel,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/qd68bym4,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/fjk5rs58,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/irn97hak,,,Ruy Lopez: Closed Variations, Kholmov Variation
https://lichess.org/do87u8pd,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen Variation
https://lichess.org/c6nddptp,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/wdufud4h,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/turzwagq,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/xeqqzr5d,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/fnv3d9r9,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/kpnrvdrx,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/sxu12yom,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/x3w6vqgq,,,Sicilian Defense: Franco-Sicilian Variation
https://lichess.org/tg9ug3g4,,,French Defense: Wing Gambit
https://lichess.org/exzj5v6g,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/3urnmzv6,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/3b0a9kox,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/kghb2o71,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/0uzi346j,,,Ruy Lopez: Bird Variation
https://lichess.org/f74unwc1,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/6nx1iw40,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/hcg0mbpr,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/qs32romz,,,Indian Game: London System
https://lichess.org/p7423bjv,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/v23wxr24,,,Owen Defense: Smith Gambit
https://lichess.org/s50cuklw,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/lultfkk6,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/oyu4i1vi,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/opko20rw,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/27ahxvbs,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Paulsen Attack
https://lichess.org/pkw2gwvh,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/sq3653tv,,,Old Indian Defense: Tartakower-Indian
https://lichess.org/qpjosqpy,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/4smhy40o,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/vwr4opmo,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/hvc8tom0,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/5219nadv,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/66r1wgrs,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/ajztjv2o,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/df1rs84k,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Nimzowitsch Variation
https://lichess.org/keltjvck,,,Vienna Game: Anderssen Defense
https://lichess.org/2e15xxum,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/b28ue3az,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/mns1q3oy,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/ygd3gog7,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/hcc68avw,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/rx487bhz,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/v6d9kol3,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/1mhz2bx3,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/o05inqxt,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense
https://lichess.org/g2dkovtm,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation, Linksspringer Variation
https://lichess.org/dbkkklkm,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation, Open
https://lichess.org/92osquzt,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/ls839k7u,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/kxa3bzb0,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/3zpq8j4q,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/xqi6wgy5,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/2l2p1rv2,,,Petrov's Defense
https://lichess.org/9nb2cjze,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/5n9wzfj2,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/jnc7s6m0,,,Center Game: Berger Variation
https://lichess.org/cbifkur8,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/6m6jaix5,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed
https://lichess.org/qy9hjcgz,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/kuaq3am2,,,Queen's Pawn Opening: Veresov, Richter Attack
https://lichess.org/wxio61bh,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/dnpiwejg,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/f229k64k,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/2cter7nl,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/yl3bqcei,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/y5lgwveg,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/6ry0jmrf,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/wci37y5f,,,Indian Game: Wade-Tartakower Defense
https://lichess.org/6ieltzjy,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/hkv6phim,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/qj3quqzt,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/ajrzc6c7,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/9bfui1nz,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/gpvfnw1w,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/jone4kxd,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/39bprk1b,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/70hqz1f0,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/gpyvo6lq,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni-Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/horb8t0o,,,King's Pawn Game: King's Head Opening #2
https://lichess.org/gitprak1,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Baltic Defense, Pseudo-Chigorin
