https://lichess.org/k8azc7zv,,,Rat Defense: Harmonist
https://lichess.org/npa0fdfg,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/rksw7ns0,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/6k2cwcxv,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/r4m06070,,,Russian Game: Modern Attack, Symmetrical Variation #2
https://lichess.org/30ap50k1,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense, Main Line
https://lichess.org/d1sjgi2m,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/yboyeloc,,,King's Pawn Game: Maroczy Defense
https://lichess.org/e4njzhg9,,,French Defense: Winawer Variation, Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/37xohdg0,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/5624ltxk,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/mphdyxxs,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/m6l18jf7,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/b15525pl,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/6jlck4dw,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/ph3y76hy,,,Scandinavian Defense: Blackburne Gambit
https://lichess.org/mxmwbvg6,,,Grob Opening
https://lichess.org/sg3nciw0,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/zjwq7g5v,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/sg9tbfu0,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation, Pseudo-Catalan
https://lichess.org/npaa1bu1,,,French Defense: Mediterranean Defense
https://lichess.org/3uabl2du,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/5zs8dami,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Modern Variation
https://lichess.org/9co9ya25,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/7jmk73v7,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/4dhvitbe,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/1dxuplmk,,,Dutch Defense: Raphael Variation
https://lichess.org/r64st5z4,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/lg1qma02,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/edac3mc2,,,Budapest Defense: Adler Variation
https://lichess.org/ka2op89t,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/dw5iq7er,,,Sicilian Defense: Wing Gambit
https://lichess.org/53rfz5gy,,,Bishop's Opening: Ponziani Gambit
https://lichess.org/6i2rzrxa,,,Benoni Defense: Modern Variation
https://lichess.org/59x34w5t,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/fdr4fguz,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/ddptyz9h,,,Indian Game: Tartakower Attack
https://lichess.org/e4wbgw2y,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/foln0guw,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/of5fdc2p,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Albin Countergambit
https://lichess.org/usmba0yq,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/24vuw50q,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed #2
https://lichess.org/n2yk8szf,,,French Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/enzevlnk,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Cunningham Defense
https://lichess.org/n8swle39,,,French Defense: Queen's Knight
https://lichess.org/hu6wz5xi,,,Budapest Defense: Adler Variation
https://lichess.org/7r5n07ux,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/x8haqjwv,,,French Defense: Queen's Knight
https://lichess.org/eq8pe6j2,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/3d3gm3xk,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Saduleto Variation
https://lichess.org/lyakjhmh,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation, Pseudo-Catalan
https://lichess.org/55yilwn4,,,Indian Game: Budapest Defense
https://lichess.org/r1st1wju,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/xpjy71z7,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/gdh0spl9,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/nmh8bfg2,,,Dutch Defense: Raphael Variation
https://lichess.org/8rzt0fvv,,,Indian Game: Budapest Defense
https://lichess.org/lcsb3sf7,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/wk70u0b6,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: French Connection
https://lichess.org/8qp951y7,,,Sicilian Defense: Canal-Sokolsky Attack
https://lichess.org/xxj2fgah,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/2jfg9r4p,,,Zukertort Opening: Black Mustang Defense
https://lichess.org/ly62vnuy,,,Sicilian Defense: Lasker-Pelikan Variation, Retreat Variation
https://lichess.org/xqt6ucu1,,,Indian Game: Seirawan Attack
https://lichess.org/r52tdl28,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/ms8fe487,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/uvqxcalw,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/go2k27o8,,,Budapest Defense: Adler Variation
https://lichess.org/fsc1wuqb,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Franco-Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/5u1owb1k,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Ragozin Variation
https://lichess.org/5tobsi82,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/f033cp08,,,Bishop's Opening: Ponziani Gambit
https://lichess.org/t0kz8njt,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/ixr8wzog,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/jiyfvugc,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/96xfi0hj,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/o978rqu7,,,Sicilian Defense: Chekhover Variation
https://lichess.org/l52lqgpq,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/e2klzts0,,,Indian Game: London System
https://lichess.org/jw4tlb4v,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/0olsii1p,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Knight Attack
https://lichess.org/6xfbxeu8,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/xs2gu01v,,,Modern Defense: Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/wk8jwo4h,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/7uakyhqz,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/dpykw91o,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/1prn72su,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen Variation, Szen Variation
https://lichess.org/9cckeblh,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/8aphqpoc,,,Trompowsky Attack
https://lichess.org/ycq2076u,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Ragozin Defense, Alekhine Variation
https://lichess.org/8ot50zxp,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/zjxdcpi8,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/hck5d73b,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/b8to97la,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/ph8oam51,,,Reti Opening #2
https://lichess.org/7s0h7k2g,,,Semi-Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/m17ifo7w,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Accelerated Panov Attack #2
https://lichess.org/5xdk0x3h,,,King's Pawn Game: Macleod Attack
https://lichess.org/4m5fbkfw,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/wg7kmq88,,,Barnes Defense
