https://lichess.org/5lsv8rif,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Fischer Defense
https://lichess.org/l6bwgzol,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/frihtew0,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/tzefxqye,,,Colle System #2
https://lichess.org/05ri7nvd,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/2uoryszh,,,Nimzowitsch Defense, Declined Variation
https://lichess.org/hkgmoxiw,,,Slav Defense: Slav Gambit, Alekhine Attack
https://lichess.org/fk62yeyt,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/hqkehv6s,,,Polish Defense
https://lichess.org/0ub2ho4v,,,King's Pawn Game: Beyer Gambit
https://lichess.org/jmie09fh,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/tty6438i,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/e3fchxod,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/zysllvd8,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/n4bx2y5s,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/n4m5cm40,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/hrqrsj1m,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation Accepted
https://lichess.org/l3hj4qdq,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/m1u91jkr,,,Sicilian Defense: Wing Gambit, Marshall Variation
https://lichess.org/dru7y3df,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/w8bj6vhs,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/8upei2q0,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/7x03ykss,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/n2k12zev,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/vaf8a1ra,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/5bvmhmoy,,,Scotch Game: Ghulam-Kassim Variation
https://lichess.org/rcrgcfi0,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/fjeewnh5,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: English Variation
https://lichess.org/fu365img,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/msrsy7hw,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/93zl6ibi,,,Four Knights Game: Gunsberg Variation
https://lichess.org/q4zb3j77,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/t5q32eb2,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Keres Defense
https://lichess.org/t6k9otbn,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/mon2wjr6,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/fclcab8s,,,Zukertort Opening: Kingside Fianchetto
https://lichess.org/24rmino3,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/pj4u7h2n,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation
https://lichess.org/o6t3mcpg,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/s6nv7215,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/ahpy7l02,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/1eo193vk,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/9xezk2tt,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/11b2c0o6,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/aql9oxgm,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/8do1lc09,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/wxay9c0n,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/05v8xyz6,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/gb535kqh,,,Indian Game: Budapest Defense
https://lichess.org/oxhs5oc0,,,English Opening: Anglo-Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/cu420xg1,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/fjqis5r9,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/8c743vx1,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/x2l9asoi,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/n6f3d0h4,,,King's Pawn Game: Maroczy Defense
https://lichess.org/vjy3zyqm,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/56cjzyqn,,,Ruy Lopez: Nuernberg Variation
https://lichess.org/pf1odt6o,,,Sicilian Defense: Chekhover Variation
https://lichess.org/3prk1lmb,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Bishop's Gambit, Maurian Defense
https://lichess.org/uivrc1c4,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/srfm5720,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/zhdz3kz9,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/2jrfsozi,,,Elephant Gambit: Paulsen Countergambit
https://lichess.org/bps1ec3t,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/i1bgzmsg,,,Sicilian Defense: Loewenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/bc2w1upa,,,Vienna Game: Stanley Variation
https://lichess.org/yguktje7,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/fd4twytf,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/5zl310o5,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/wvyezguh,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/30xjgy28,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/zae8iusz,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #3
https://lichess.org/fhnvyzva,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/3az02wlg,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/a88lum3f,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/hx1sr4mz,,,Sicilian Defense: Modern Variations, Tartakower
https://lichess.org/0yhpp5t5,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/o06fhuvi,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/onzv0c3o,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/gmqfnf4o,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Bishop's Gambit, Maurian Defense
https://lichess.org/ryghk7j8,,,Mieses Opening: Reversed Rat
https://lichess.org/0rmiaybh,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/buomwqah,,,Petrov's Defense #2
https://lichess.org/xaqxtq1z,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/7wps974n,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Central Variation, Alekhine System
https://lichess.org/ng3d2m33,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/423z52p9,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/68b8b6yg,,,Bishop's Opening: Ponziani Gambit
https://lichess.org/xdr5sdaa,,,Scandinavian Defense: Gubinsky-Melts Defense
https://lichess.org/apccosim,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/emldtw92,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/4731tv7k,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Normal Defense
https://lichess.org/sm2p1t8h,,,Sicilian Defense: Four Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/nfxqc7yl,,,Petrov's Defense
https://lichess.org/g9ik6k6z,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/4l37q050,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/qle2cuwi,,,Bogo-Indian Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/4xgftit1,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Torre Attack, Gossip Variation
https://lichess.org/mv0fgubn,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/9z0e31zz,,,Sicilian Defense: Morphy Gambit
