https://lichess.org/ksq9vkhe,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/upwuu08b,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/977hjqdq,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense, Janowski Variation
https://lichess.org/chh3h926,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/lli8t2t5,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/1pf65jhc,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/gmrea1op,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/icwa5x6q,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/4hlrn88i,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation, Linksspringer Variation
https://lichess.org/of07ugh2,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/1u8xieof,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/49j77uan,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/2baagbb9,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/z0c9qkba,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/usstuz09,,,Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/xctb0ga6,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Nimzowitsch System
https://lichess.org/zohdb75s,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/jmfhvpb2,,,Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/nag9b4mg,,,King's Gambit Accepted: Modern Defense #2
https://lichess.org/21inae4i,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/yyj67t88,,,Elephant Gambit: Paulsen Countergambit
https://lichess.org/h5obdo11,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/bmanhvci,,,Petrov's Defense
https://lichess.org/dvi3nlpv,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/fflxg7mn,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/fu4e3j5h,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/l9m5rdvv,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/jjt4ltd5,,,Alekhine Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/on8jend7,,,Tarrasch Defense
https://lichess.org/lmk2qw83,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/vq46l7tz,,,Semi-Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/reewtj43,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/kvwyuijf,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack, Kiddie Countergambit
https://lichess.org/imrq1pqc,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/374u941s,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/o15z0oov,,,King's Pawn Game: Maroczy Defense
https://lichess.org/ye6ftedf,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/vui1telw,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/mmxwwvzu,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/5n6gh4ff,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/mdphgb84,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed
https://lichess.org/tbondvht,,,Queen's Pawn Game: London System
https://lichess.org/xsw69vuu,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/431zst5m,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/22gwji4y,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/ynrulang,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/3pnm4ktv,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/mqul2i9v,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/ss9t5mwa,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/93qc3qv1,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/he0tlypd,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/snxsg9o0,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/2gwpr3pg,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/o8wu6zds,,,Alekhine Defense: Two Pawn Attack
https://lichess.org/lde8inn1,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/drmjl03u,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/jbe95lke,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Orthodox Defense
https://lichess.org/dnosh9op,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/rz22schm,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/lchx2l29,,,French Defense: Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/ew2dmf3c,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/gb89w3lf,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/r7o6letd,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/43lmcbn9,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/corospy7,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/grtfxjiv,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/e88y1whh,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/yciv8pk8,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/ves7qeot,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/f5wclnbu,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/d9kpba8p,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Vienna Variation
https://lichess.org/g1knp265,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/2qpsqsmp,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/fxo97vh5,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/d9ssamg3,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation, Zukertort Gambit
https://lichess.org/7zza6uvk,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/nv9v1rpb,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/gq1bp0av,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/anvxdtgv,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/6jniz5zl,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/6boa1n5o,,,Indian Game: Budapest Defense
https://lichess.org/6l1ybbf1,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/jhatmqcf,,,Alekhine Defense: Two Pawn Attack
https://lichess.org/uvlb5ywj,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/egt8vt61,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/usx42yzc,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/hqdaoyig,,,Pirc Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/3pvmreyy,,,Philidor Defense #4
https://lichess.org/a1z21x02,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/zpqi3inb,,,French Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/cwefgi7m,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/wkthr374,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/qby7b8ca,,,Italian Game: Schilling-Kostic Gambit
https://lichess.org/c6ir257s,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/4r0j73xx,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/gq24ma6w,,,King's Pawn Game: Dresden Opening
https://lichess.org/zq8g34vk,,,Ponziani Opening: Spanish Variation
https://lichess.org/9fh9l8n1,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/1hxlokpp,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/5ri83370,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
