https://lichess.org/exupp0my,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/9gtyr56x,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/0s8l1h8j,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/5b281prt,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Orthodox Defense, Botvinnik Variation
https://lichess.org/2kltt4l1,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/yrdxdcxz,,,Old Indian Defense: Ukrainian Variation
https://lichess.org/3jpgbmnq,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/12flu9na,,,Hungarian Opening: Slav Formation
https://lichess.org/1iz427fu,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/qbqdpgbr,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation Accepted
https://lichess.org/0f2ls89q,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/hg64zvhu,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/g16ouws0,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/vu45tqng,,,Hungarian Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/59vbnwfg,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Leningrad Variation
https://lichess.org/xyfwwguy,,,Indian Game: Tartakower Attack
https://lichess.org/yy68bytn,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/0kpoy5t6,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/jg029jrj,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/bd2rmkzo,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/d2j91nn6,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/5wuu6qdr,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/mwdq53i7,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/bries0kn,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/86jpm7mk,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/0vp6em6v,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/ly9tagrd,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/0mnjo4g9,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/nr6tow92,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/b9ryjtd6,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/nfbm6g69,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/ng1vzxih,,,Bishop's Opening: Vienna Hybrid
https://lichess.org/qtagydc8,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/rxcoue8y,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/nlk70e1u,,,Hungarian Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/6x6q4r5t,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/wl7jaozm,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/5wu5c5sc,,,Sicilian Defense: Four Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/j2f4q9rg,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/oam89e2p,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/5jalcu8n,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/uqnih0qy,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/f3a6dh02,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Fried Liver Attack
https://lichess.org/gx00elpv,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/dnenv4rf,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Normal Defense
https://lichess.org/jxx2crbx,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/jp30wazi,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/nkqhk4d9,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/tede7j6t,,,Pirc Defense: Byrne Variation
https://lichess.org/bn3klrl8,,,Russian Game: Paulsen Attack
https://lichess.org/fdsnkq9j,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/089d4urq,,,Slav Defense: Modern
https://lichess.org/6ok3tzj0,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/1mqfqmqq,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ckx77ba7,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/lyvpdpuf,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/hreew48c,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/hqeevmv8,,,Sicilian Defense: Accelerated Dragon, Modern Variation
https://lichess.org/uakws4f6,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/tzj4fk5l,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/rvhgdjon,,,Sicilian Defense: Delayed Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/4fdonu17,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Stonewall Attack
https://lichess.org/4jdryfn6,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/p9gervet,,,Sicilian Defense #2
https://lichess.org/6jnx71uz,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/85019o20,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation, Albin Gambit
https://lichess.org/yk09wmik,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/9ia4rmxf,,,Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/ce8z2gso,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Stamma Gambit
https://lichess.org/qg63d28y,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/c74goy4k,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #2
https://lichess.org/7vm8p8zb,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/uvji3xo5,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/n2jplum2,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/ztxxpgv6,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Polerio Defense, Kieseritzky Variation
https://lichess.org/w356pd8j,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/75fugjyr,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense #3
https://lichess.org/996pkdei,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/lwtoqil6,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation Accepted
https://lichess.org/7y5rlns1,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/jew5sccc,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/osxmf0b5,,,Sicilian Defense: Delayed Alapin
https://lichess.org/jqbsj2sr,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/fun7rrwu,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/n26txhpq,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/tict45gf,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/00niptx8,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/zjpkob70,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/b1ir0ccj,,,Indian Game: Anti-Gruenfeld, Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/snvax2e8,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/jxkxjuer,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/03j7e2wj,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/ebe28yex,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/lbu2bj1z,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Vienna Variation, Quiet Variation
https://lichess.org/alm48kr3,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/3fwc08nv,,,Indian Game: Wade-Tartakower Defense
https://lichess.org/rua47prh,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/n7b67wqg,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/co80m3vx,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/hnlujd4s,,,King's Gambit, Falkbeer Countergambit, Staunton Line
