https://lichess.org/to60rrcv,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/uj6qf2da,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/i7wqfehy,,,Four Knights Game: Spanish Variation
https://lichess.org/rpglvr84,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/r9kmm3z3,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #3
https://lichess.org/n24divp2,,,Grob Opening
https://lichess.org/6firk4lw,,,King's Gambit, Falkbeer Countergambit, Blackburne Attack
https://lichess.org/ohqoysvi,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/ltm2uwtb,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/y6k2yjae,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/r4qq62tr,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/ykvxxczb,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/w3qsuj8r,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/z578f17g,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/38qnj4n6,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/nyg2mng9,,,Hungarian Opening: Slav Formation
https://lichess.org/evuf0fv4,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Stamma Gambit
https://lichess.org/fqxocjky,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/gz1afs73,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/99utmz56,,,Zukertort Opening: Black Mustang Defense
https://lichess.org/9zj4l7o1,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/6dk7om69,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/dxkdu8ql,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/db6uujur,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/sysa2k9j,,,Alekhine Defense: Scandinavian Variation
https://lichess.org/1a9dc2pe,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Fischer Defense
https://lichess.org/oh7rze5j,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/9j2pu5hh,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/qpa4rftm,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/24ygwgub,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/ly8fffdi,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/1uugki2x,,,Van Geet Opening: Sicilian Two Knights
https://lichess.org/2ilvo50b,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/uo2fu9nb,,,Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/vfvh4lt5,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/nltaa3gw,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/xlv8q5ba,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/wpfysngr,,,Scotch Game: Schmidt Variation
https://lichess.org/w4kepfec,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/2sm2wl8t,,,Hungarian Opening: Reversed Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/g3eudek7,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/fitjqqan,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/684wj26r,,,Scandinavian Defense: Kiel Variation
https://lichess.org/bzbffqh6,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/5p10yxdy,,,Sicilian Defense: Snyder Variation
https://lichess.org/epf5hdgq,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Bishop's Gambit, Bogoljubov Variation
https://lichess.org/hsf8wh3k,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/ji3ayavc,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/bp6lfiba,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/lv9cyr99,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/hx0ww3pk,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/wvu13wvf,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: English Variation
https://lichess.org/31j638gv,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/0fz8ae4y,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/ozore3b1,,,Pirc Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/nh2b3q27,,,Alekhine Defense: Scandinavian Variation
https://lichess.org/0oi6onbl,,,Four Knights Game
https://lichess.org/kgnj675v,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/pvryc2vj,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/neoaj4eq,,,Gedult's Opening
https://lichess.org/qr68jhyt,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/xvr40n4k,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/zx2fgejt,,,Sicilian Defense: Snyder Variation
https://lichess.org/8429ktj2,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/ytpd9pro,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/rxphgvj1,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/bmoucpwh,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/syy8ggdj,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/veyrjjxy,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/nyf77xwg,,,King's Pawn Game: Maroczy Defense
https://lichess.org/piizoxzy,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #3
https://lichess.org/7y8njmxq,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Central Variation, Alekhine System
https://lichess.org/n3c4iqw9,,,Pirc Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/3vtbby11,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/jnsvcmk4,,,Four Knights Game: Gunsberg Variation
https://lichess.org/f2cnk2vo,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/qej77p9u,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/5xdf1gpe,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/cb6wtiae,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/5vqkiqvi,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/9mt146ma,,,Sicilian Defense: Scheveningen Variation, Vitolins Variation
https://lichess.org/h94xqkkl,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/zpixtqva,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/26jwguvf,,,Pirc Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ckftog5c,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/xopq3kwf,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/b158umli,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/hgqvpb8z,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/sreo4w1e,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/rhjitsr4,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/gariutyy,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/sbti6hgo,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Albin Countergambit
https://lichess.org/nb7yziw9,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/mtqep67x,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/m1x8q5tg,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/umar21c5,,,French Defense: Queen's Knight
https://lichess.org/7jj8aiqz,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/oazsezq7,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/ieky6mx4,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/om8oxunn,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation #2
