https://lichess.org/r4klt9yn,,,Philidor Defense: Hanham Variation
https://lichess.org/i6xu3uqj,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation, Open
https://lichess.org/kdu37d3g,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/lab9sgw1,,,Grob Opening
https://lichess.org/k8ildyog,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/wqrvsisq,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/fuc6b9yw,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/z2ixf1sh,,,Sicilian Defense: Canal Attack, Main Line
https://lichess.org/106txwfn,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
https://lichess.org/o95l3ptn,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/nd33lgxx,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/x87rmh2y,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/t2cuhshg,,,Vienna Game: Zhuravlev Countergambit #2
https://lichess.org/982z32ub,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/kceanstr,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/upzzm8qs,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/sdckqgd2,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/zdythmr4,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/2hmtlwyc,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/kte0quwz,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/8wpm8drs,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Knight Attack, Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/lr733q5a,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/pmqcfdjs,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/8mnplerg,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/cof33ihm,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/2ih9uc7d,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/st4wq18k,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/cv3ebos4,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation, Pseudo-Catalan
https://lichess.org/sc213hvm,,,French Defense: Reti-Spielmann Attack
https://lichess.org/kxb7c11b,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/0xi30u0g,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/a6r1rsuw,,,Petrov's Defense #2
https://lichess.org/qycdd5ds,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/pt8eze7m,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/uwz2ppmx,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/ppgv54z9,,,Trompowsky Attack
https://lichess.org/10gtksnt,,,English Opening: Great Snake Variation
https://lichess.org/h93a8jp7,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/rb4q3irf,,,Gedult's Opening
https://lichess.org/vmwbqwbv,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Lean Variation, Colorado Counter Accepted
https://lichess.org/msxwabig,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/ma97zsaz,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/c08ci6g7,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/bygpt1kf,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/9e2nfm23,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/g7w6v9pd,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/4deru79j,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/sx5irq1w,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/mgoqfh37,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/vsi0nwen,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/5ghvnow3,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/iaojlgnx,,,Van Geet Opening
https://lichess.org/896nyrws,,,Slav Defense: Alekhine Variation
https://lichess.org/ya1al22y,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/s24igi16,,,Vienna Game: Max Lange Defense
https://lichess.org/ed82jnsw,,,Dutch Defense: Hopton Attack
https://lichess.org/6t60eio1,,,Van Geet Opening
https://lichess.org/huut76cq,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Baltic Defense
https://lichess.org/r567r7yg,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/b8d9diwv,,,Englund Gambit Complex: Soller Gambit Deferred
https://lichess.org/gvsp05em,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/5c6930nh,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/e2aai6z8,,,Vienna Game
https://lichess.org/rxr4we1g,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/5533by3j,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/w4ietmlm,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/ka4e0of9,,,Scotch Game: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/00tkp86r,,,Van Geet Opening
https://lichess.org/awbedrvv,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/qj2npu84,,,Zukertort Opening: Queenside Fianchetto Variation
https://lichess.org/bi5bj3xd,,,Gedult's Opening
https://lichess.org/mtpcyivd,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/sbyb62hl,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/rg9h1e3o,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/3rg16pa3,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Harrwitz Attack, Orthodox Defense
https://lichess.org/r8eq4h8l,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/l75tx26j,,,Polish Opening: Czech Defense
https://lichess.org/o3b3iojh,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/9yqom3wz,,,French Defense: Schlechter Variation
https://lichess.org/olrmn1l1,,,Ruy Lopez: Bird Variation
https://lichess.org/cbxztdv0,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/1lxc7qhf,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/78ltty3y,,,Englund Gambit Complex Declined
https://lichess.org/vxetjd6q,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
https://lichess.org/0a32ra8t,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed Alekhine
https://lichess.org/trbl6gaf,,,Sicilian Defense: Godiva Variation
https://lichess.org/u99uqdb9,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/2i55vso7,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/13nxjfs3,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/1xxeqnbz,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/29hhqc0p,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/aaz6sjq6,,,Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/h1p29q1v,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/g5rx8ed2,,,Four Knights Game: Spanish Variation
https://lichess.org/9d9fkr8w,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Paulsen Attack
https://lichess.org/z2gg70gh,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/ap7sgfao,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/x8emyhc2,,,Dutch Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/zwaqai2f,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/yjz7cww1,,,Philidor Defense #2
