https://lichess.org/x3c285pz,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/s1bk8863,,,Scandinavian Defense: Gubinsky-Melts Defense
https://lichess.org/xemdcjfk,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/bbdkzmqx,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Two Knights Attack
https://lichess.org/8sub35u1,,,French Defense: Winawer Variation, Retreat Variation
https://lichess.org/66t03jd7,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/jm5z3cih,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/q91cv5y2,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/ljceeek9,,,Sicilian Defense: Pin Variation
https://lichess.org/hvojfer5,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense
https://lichess.org/cri0u36o,,,Mikenas Defense
https://lichess.org/gr1y3erc,,,Mikenas Defense
https://lichess.org/xkinmpqb,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/rcs4wfpb,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/fp66nj77,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/0x5zlsvq,,,Ponziani Opening: Jaenisch Counterattack
https://lichess.org/9qcjx0zn,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/t5gx4y25,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/0c00ss4v,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/bj69cpwj,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation, Traditional
https://lichess.org/42xhumq8,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/k2zyglnc,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/y2wjrtpu,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/gayunryz,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/zauelv9q,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense, Beverwijk Variation
https://lichess.org/p37i7xfe,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Euwe Attack
https://lichess.org/n48r294c,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/ixp2spud,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/qh8lank6,,,King's Indian Defense: Normal Variation, Rare Defenses
https://lichess.org/nlh8spi5,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/50h00b0e,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/ydo2cusn,,,Sicilian Defense: Modern Variations, Main Line
https://lichess.org/gapuqnse,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/i8wor2vz,,,Center Game: Berger Variation
https://lichess.org/4v4ghz7z,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/wqd26vvu,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/uis1j1ys,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/3h1m7v0s,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/rxyewwl3,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/ycjcczez,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/ejzg6kwt,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/25fmyot8,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense, Beverwijk Variation
https://lichess.org/536etguw,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/gqwvxcbm,,,Sicilian Defense: O'Kelly Variation, Venice System
https://lichess.org/hcd1m23h,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Reversed Sicilian
https://lichess.org/0g9ttq77,,,Four Knights Game: Halloween Gambit
https://lichess.org/8q40hy1s,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/qiy3ufpt,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/zwn7rgcc,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/budbqbgu,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/wfocus2m,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/58qmoy7b,,,Elephant Gambit: Paulsen Countergambit
https://lichess.org/wp3mtvbn,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/vlyd7rxw,,,Portuguese Opening
https://lichess.org/bbdvixxq,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/f12t0y05,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/galz8apr,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation, Central Variation
https://lichess.org/qztvlbcc,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/um9axhqy,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/eo88bt9k,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/1vd0b0qf,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/83ml6du5,,,English Opening: Caro-Kann Defensive System
https://lichess.org/odquy6o8,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/nxznl535,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/2xstgfjw,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/f1cjxtur,,,Dutch Defense: Raphael Variation
https://lichess.org/10zivpn7,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/3d16rl39,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/8z9l1hry,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/hjv78bjs,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/3to8ggse,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/v6tus3jf,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/v3tg76yw,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen-Basman Defense
https://lichess.org/dig695iq,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/9egoxzdk,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation
https://lichess.org/dapi9ezt,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/np8ti8kt,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/ciw9qwl8,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/xaynw127,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/6ln8wvta,,,Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/sl6k7seh,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/axhh2qwt,,,Czech Defense
https://lichess.org/ztl6213w,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/d06h2n0l,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Krause Variation
https://lichess.org/44x2stha,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/x1b7fjis,,,Guatemala Defense
https://lichess.org/a31rxyxo,,,French Defense: Bird Invitation
https://lichess.org/27giudgq,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/qre3bb0q,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Euwe Attack
https://lichess.org/wu09at2q,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/nt1ujyb2,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/8ltsr3e4,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/tm2pg74g,,,English Opening: Caro-Kann Defensive System
https://lichess.org/dxaq3yxa,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/6ykqtwwo,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Normal Defense
https://lichess.org/ohzyh5ai,,,Colle System #2
https://lichess.org/dt8e4xt2,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/t03eqcnp,,,King's Pawn
https://lichess.org/h2og0953,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/d0lwbwxi,,,Horwitz Defense
