https://lichess.org/geryec26,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/38os8lae,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/5bx2hho8,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/5f6mak63,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/wdt07wzn,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/5q149tx0,,,Sicilian Defense: Marshall Counterattack
https://lichess.org/e09tdgdp,,,Alekhine Defense: Scandinavian Variation, Geschev Gambit
https://lichess.org/ihu8bgs0,,,King's Gambit Accepted: Modern Defense #2
https://lichess.org/7hdanaym,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/e89x7joa,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed #2
https://lichess.org/9y466pxz,,,Danish Gambit Declined, Sorensen Defense
https://lichess.org/06mqfrp9,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/j3o2tven,,,Vienna Game: Stanley Variation, Reversed Spanish
https://lichess.org/d6e75zxv,,,Scandinavian Defense: Gubinsky-Melts Defense
https://lichess.org/rgb1v62o,,,Ponziani Opening
https://lichess.org/vfol1r57,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/9okb1d37,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/hnw8qnxg,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/lyht2wwi,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/a9knqum6,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/9rqycm1f,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Fritz Variation
https://lichess.org/84ot3fv2,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/htqrls5x,,,English Opening: Wing Gambit
https://lichess.org/bntaufun,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/mju3wuby,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/iovf6rv5,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/38w9pq44,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Accelerated Panov Attack
https://lichess.org/my80t420,,,Four Knights Game: Double Spanish
https://lichess.org/uputcwnm,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/t4ibzjly,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/d38y7bnf,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation Accepted
https://lichess.org/3vdmtyf0,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/7m3bwe1j,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/yk98lxyh,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Fischer Defense
https://lichess.org/hy8dbkym,,,Benoni Defense: Old Benoni
https://lichess.org/l9lfgvsf,,,Scandinavian Defense: Gubinsky-Melts Defense
https://lichess.org/va3x8f7p,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/r6ge143l,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/4ut2wzf0,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/uzcdn418,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/0snmbqjg,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/g0q16tso,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/fut75whn,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/qfty0eyn,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Caro Variation
https://lichess.org/xbsquvfo,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/ak2tss4z,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/30u2i7x8,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ovwjwwzu,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/etljb399,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/s83d9dhj,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/lkcm1237,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/8209f5p1,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/2m94n4ns,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/w6iqurbm,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/xn741480,,,Four Knights Game: Spanish Variation, Rubinstein Variation Accepted
https://lichess.org/xqzhm5rc,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/guyv22a4,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/wt0rpztn,,,Dutch Defense: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/i9gbqy15,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/ep2anjlf,,,Colle System
https://lichess.org/qed99s91,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/4t3ri4zx,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/z57qf7n1,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/v60zhetz,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/d3bo0uv5,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/hbh32gs9,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/puenu5o1,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Baltic Defense
https://lichess.org/j9fhpf2w,,,Vienna Game: Stanley Variation, Reversed Spanish
https://lichess.org/3u05u3lb,,,Colle System
https://lichess.org/3248t23v,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Paulsen Attack
https://lichess.org/l7clhqgn,,,Zukertort Opening: Black Mustang Defense
https://lichess.org/ojzl8dx0,,,Sicilian Defense: Loewenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/numfqubn,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/brh0jcgc,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation Accepted
https://lichess.org/pyr65pbt,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/q17o84x9,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/3ehnujas,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/gsenefhc,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/9ck60c40,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/bh8y9l91,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Anglo-Slav Opening
https://lichess.org/y0w2eg2l,,,Barnes Opening: Walkerling
https://lichess.org/mxy8p06i,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/o23wwwy1,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/g1ny5asv,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/waurdblb,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/xu57daht,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Caro Variation
https://lichess.org/3bgnqmx5,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/kp2w49sw,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/vcn2a7cz,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/we4k7eyt,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/bzavmcey,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/3ri1yqhx,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/z3g84h12,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/kwgjhn50,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/7thmf0oq,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense, Malvinas Variation
https://lichess.org/uq22zf44,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/ch3ko135,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/5oe28222,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Baltic Defense
https://lichess.org/d0ktv5ht,,,Mikenas Defense
https://lichess.org/yta5xyd6,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
