https://lichess.org/h2g0n62k,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/7y8mdfju,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/rlilyxnp,,,Benoni Defense: Modern Variation
https://lichess.org/tajy7by0,,,Trompowsky Attack
https://lichess.org/eaouk9zt,,,Torre Attack #2
https://lichess.org/39ect3fd,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/7kqah9sd,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/edvbzayv,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/yg79jtva,,,Vienna Game
https://lichess.org/tmf412m8,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/45sansla,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/k2v1r60e,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/woz85qq7,,,Alekhine Defense: John Tracy Gambit
https://lichess.org/xok0cye6,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/l3yc4z2e,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/fawown6x,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense, Main Line
https://lichess.org/0srvsz5r,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/gwbcnl4q,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/fpvjfvqi,,,Sicilian Defense: Delayed Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/6spd87pm,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/ila99bb7,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/2zmru95o,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/8tk02vyk,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/y3xd9kf7,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/bcd7o1sl,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Normal Defense
https://lichess.org/b5xbbul1,,,Slav Defense: Steiner Variation
https://lichess.org/jdako46m,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/02qm5ny2,,,Three Knights Opening: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/c1rbiwm2,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/k602clw9,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack, Kiddie Countergambit
https://lichess.org/qv0fu29r,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/6u65zi3o,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/zh856rev,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/3p5k29s4,,,French Defense: Steiner Variation
https://lichess.org/sgym72hw,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense, Janowski Variation
https://lichess.org/cho99ksr,,,Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/21w9167l,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/cgfxxqsh,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/cpftme5k,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Anglo-Slav Opening
https://lichess.org/37im0k61,,,French Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/5bamko7r,,,Zukertort Opening: Ross Gambit
https://lichess.org/bw1n5bt2,,,Slav Defense #3
https://lichess.org/q7cwdmgn,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation
https://lichess.org/77ulkg1q,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/b3ez27et,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/5rxbtthq,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/cq9wvnza,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/32hct4gz,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/cy61f9d3,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/6k5kuh9f,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/rltqm94h,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/o883dgh3,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/q71gpi9a,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/d8938dyv,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Extended Bishop Swap
https://lichess.org/xi7ixy2t,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Breyer Variation
https://lichess.org/hcbo8264,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/77kzpfp5,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/xd32i3b3,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/o192oagk,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/ezj05qth,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/hhi0y6jr,,,Trompowsky Attack: Edge Variation
https://lichess.org/3kkj05pd,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/ugq6h396,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/tn1q498q,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation, Westerinen Attack
https://lichess.org/3rhe4fck,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/eg5721z4,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/aj7ae6vz,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/fjxh3gnz,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/hbcko0ny,,,Reti Opening
https://lichess.org/gwrv0q8h,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/ev8qhace,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/pymhek7h,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense, Rio Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/w7ng2kuu,,,Four Knights Game: Spanish Variation
https://lichess.org/11plggtt,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/hzt0bfgd,,,Gunderam Defense
https://lichess.org/0iddys3d,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/8i8x7nej,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/rcsju9ol,,,Franco-Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/szch24ig,,,Vienna Game: Stanley Variation, Reversed Spanish
https://lichess.org/3f1xwbmd,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/l8tbieg6,,,King's Pawn Game: Tayler Opening
https://lichess.org/vh8k0m6o,,,Vienna Game: Stanley Variation
https://lichess.org/pfschqfj,,,English Opening: Wing Gambit
https://lichess.org/2qmyvo63,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/b6vse5r8,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/a341vqa7,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/0lt22y9e,,,Center Game
https://lichess.org/tipfmmkr,,,Russian Game: Damiano Variation
https://lichess.org/l7jwyv1b,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/7fa7nlo4,,,Sicilian Defense: Kramnik Variation
https://lichess.org/j2tbolgk,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Baltic Defense
https://lichess.org/w44af6jd,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/ieif5yo2,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/1vdzwmje,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/0dkiu50v,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/pnsqri25,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/zowy0e34,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/qtv5aypg,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/q7rnln9l,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ixubpai7,,,English Opening: Carls-Bremen System
