https://lichess.org/srof5ecp,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/edmogtbg,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/wkrxam0a,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/8esl40qw,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/n0465zit,,,Vienna Game: Stanley Variation
https://lichess.org/qcm2lf3x,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/qabin27m,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/y0hiz7bn,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Modern Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/9um5yf3f,,,Vienna Game: Stanley Variation, Reversed Spanish
https://lichess.org/ixpd30l2,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/b0qaolpl,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Huebsch Gambit
https://lichess.org/s79m99ft,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/qvzdhnbh,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/cgh6mwvb,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/wzf364av,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/yqo97n3h,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/b621e9l1,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Austrian Defense
https://lichess.org/citqxrqf,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/3jtackt5,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/w3xcy5o7,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/4imj3dbi,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/4ngqykkw,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/qt7o3e7o,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/hc1zv9jy,,,King's Pawn Game: Tayler Opening
https://lichess.org/mr1aus9m,,,Bishop's Opening: Vienna Hybrid
https://lichess.org/95pjjj6b,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/84ufv652,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/3s7ftwjk,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/oip92qe0,,,Kangaroo Defense
https://lichess.org/3ibu1aqj,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/6j1skhki,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/ld6gi2vt,,,Vienna Game: Stanley Variation
https://lichess.org/whcdnw98,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit
https://lichess.org/zwxd8gpi,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/yspe1rx5,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/2h8knaux,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Zeller Defense
https://lichess.org/332zwcsw,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/5xdfh68l,,,English Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/nia7oxwg,,,Vienna Game: Vienna Gambit, Steinitz Gambit, Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/h4v9fg92,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/h7hsn1z1,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/xd1srpzk,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/zd8dlzj3,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/q0nsznco,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/kslu7wos,,,Vienna Game: Stanley Variation, Reversed Spanish
https://lichess.org/pchzdzz7,,,Alekhine Defense #2
https://lichess.org/32wp97eh,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/796g6yc6,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ivpfggzq,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Ryder Gambit
https://lichess.org/cz4zzwzv,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/mbhj2dxy,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/y76s7vod,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/0k6k8w1o,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/bk4tid54,,,French Defense: Winawer Variation
https://lichess.org/25h5e081,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation, Svenonius Variation
https://lichess.org/yzt68plm,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/7u6nhk0n,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Normal Defense
https://lichess.org/4egvain4,,,Vienna Game: Stanley Variation
https://lichess.org/om503ihs,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/vnm19nn7,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/i4frjsnh,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/jrzaattz,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/8q7h6zga,,,Carr Defense
https://lichess.org/hib0or36,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/iqcm3d0o,,,Alekhine Defense: Krejcik Variation
https://lichess.org/b3fs9bh2,,,Queen's Indian Defense: Classical Variation, Traditional Variation, Nimzowitsch Line
https://lichess.org/hrdyh0y6,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/cniteww9,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/w8ejb2s1,,,Center Game: Kieseritzky Variation #3
https://lichess.org/o8fa8ofm,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/mbfsrkz3,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/xoiuu5f9,,,French Defense: Queen's Knight
https://lichess.org/secxl0du,,,Queen's Indian Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/uom8ybii,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/7t7tyt47,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Accelerated Move Order
https://lichess.org/wqnqwef0,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/b9ecv8xh,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/ha7a0f24,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/ueynurh3,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/l1a13lq1,,,Scotch Game: Classical Variation, Intermezzo Variation
https://lichess.org/qn1rqwxv,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/lelj07cq,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/yb3xkw3l,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/zhoxnjux,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/rj97hz58,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/pofebujy,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/y2wq5pw5,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/drabnch5,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/vxrltrwc,,,Alekhine Defense #2
https://lichess.org/hs7m2tci,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/9yrjluqe,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ucf6nhev,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/qitke7sv,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/7l4qexci,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/abpxhipu,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed #2
https://lichess.org/69p5auyx,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/kr8coley,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/7mc0gu32,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/nug9vge5,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/s635hm0k,,,Hungarian Opening: Slav Formation
