https://lichess.org/45iqrawk,,,Sicilian Defense: Accelerated Dragon, Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/5q3xy9fm,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/b7n1k0vu,,,Sicilian Defense: Delayed Alapin
https://lichess.org/68uki73c,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/egn9c1y1,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/zznoz2is,,,Scandinavian Defense: Boehnke Gambit
https://lichess.org/dy7jd88v,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/zcepb16s,,,French Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/gr4mnimr,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Bishop's Gambit
https://lichess.org/o58neefd,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/5srs5be8,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/qnj1fhxy,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/wmgielkm,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/04xmhgew,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Nimzowitsch System
https://lichess.org/7gp32a39,,,Sicilian Defense: Delayed Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/nl22cld8,,,Ponziani Opening: Jaenisch Counterattack
https://lichess.org/g9wecbnt,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/0yxhmzd6,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/v8xz49n1,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/vy5c77q7,,,Scandinavian Defense: Boehnke Gambit
https://lichess.org/qhbcla3g,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/w7ewg38p,,,Vienna Game: Stanley Variation, Reversed Spanish
https://lichess.org/giag6nvd,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/0smtervc,,,French Defense: Paulsen Variation
https://lichess.org/5vvci4j4,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/2a7yz0zl,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/lfpcrnv5,,,French Defense: Queen's Knight
https://lichess.org/86i2b6ma,,,Scandinavian Defense: Gubinsky-Melts Defense
https://lichess.org/aptucnx9,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Nimzowitsch System
https://lichess.org/o0ynfauo,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/6ulhl43v,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/ptbqn07b,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/2zfdqr0j,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/4djt6uev,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation, Open
https://lichess.org/3r6imfq2,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/x7nuusvr,,,French Defense: Steiner Variation
https://lichess.org/0o8ymals,,,French Defense: Horwitz Attack
https://lichess.org/w35s7fxa,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/u3kcz3qb,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense, Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/rmmu3f93,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/jbghcr4q,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Scandinavian Variation, Exchange Variation, Marshall Gambit
https://lichess.org/a3ii27s8,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/dlkquezi,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/jbnvmwvw,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/uim2ddue,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed
https://lichess.org/c5ft1u2f,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/w6dey6ak,,,French Defense
https://lichess.org/qzc2yyxe,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/2vo1c5tf,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/9iaf3nej,,,Sicilian Defense: Delayed Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/278cvdn9,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/aeq1n9xq,,,Vienna Game
https://lichess.org/0llf0dk5,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/cajezsbp,,,Alekhine Defense: Maroczy Variation
https://lichess.org/9d35bypz,,,Slav Defense: Modern Line
https://lichess.org/ptrv0beb,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/aotbnbgf,,,Scandinavian Defense: Boehnke Gambit
https://lichess.org/vw61lh81,,,King's Pawn Game: Mengarini's Opening
https://lichess.org/dr62919t,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/9fawsa1c,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: 4.Bg5 Be7
https://lichess.org/95eq1rdw,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/6k8mqp6h,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/aaxyhxfn,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/mc5t0m0c,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/euvdv2mg,,,Scandinavian Defense: Boehnke Gambit
https://lichess.org/pl1n0f3w,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/4694mf9n,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/3crw298r,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense, Beverwijk Variation
https://lichess.org/49kai6db,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation, La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/80d5l0mn,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/ynol6l9b,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/z4479emn,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Franco-Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/t7rvwk26,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/0gocc1op,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/1f71bsra,,,Alekhine Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/p8dpgrdw,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: 4.Bg5 Be7
https://lichess.org/8w3ris1p,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation, Westerinen Attack
https://lichess.org/u1smf3td,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense, Beverwijk Variation
https://lichess.org/lyk2zgpw,,,Mexican Defense
https://lichess.org/qmpamgsn,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/or0n10xm,,,French Defense: Perseus Gambit
https://lichess.org/kzu5ljkc,,,Four Knights Game
https://lichess.org/y2wa7j91,,,King's Pawn Game: Dresden Opening
https://lichess.org/ad6xv4ew,,,King's Indian Defense: Normal Variation, Rare Defenses
https://lichess.org/y2r5frtm,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/aiiu03vo,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/z4yd6y5r,,,Philidor Defense: Philidor Countergambit
https://lichess.org/z36t2l7k,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/7oiw3qc2,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Ragozin Variation
https://lichess.org/hv7qsltm,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Caro Variation
https://lichess.org/i7kixkc8,,,Ruy Lopez: Bird Variation
https://lichess.org/dwihdw3p,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation, Westerinen Attack
https://lichess.org/ysmgm6wf,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/y1lsokst,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation, Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/rqap6vex,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/4tqbf0rb,,,Four Knights Game
https://lichess.org/bgb8e38e,,,Polish Opening: Czech Defense
https://lichess.org/suna00t7,,,Zukertort Opening: Kingside Fianchetto
https://lichess.org/6zv0vilm,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/jakcqd0i,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
