https://lichess.org/chrrlo8v,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/xgr97tht,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/3x2af767,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/nb3o4fi4,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/er6mv0rl,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/c1ywoci8,,,Latvian Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/u85t3at7,,,French Defense: MacCutcheon Variation, Tartakower Variation
https://lichess.org/ovqzefya,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack, Fianchetto Variation
https://lichess.org/o3xb7dqp,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/8xtjogww,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/pz5fanqx,,,Ruy Lopez: Schliemann Defense, Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/eoq0uha0,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #4
https://lichess.org/hd605vfa,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/seebicmz,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/fjamiz65,,,Sicilian Defense: Dragon Variation
https://lichess.org/6cvwfczd,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/r9ma553g,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/4tbsdji2,,,Indian Game: Budapest Defense
https://lichess.org/75n69ri5,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/jjv0azbs,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/74ygo4bj,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/myo4xi4g,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/xdu9gjg1,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/vdlz9l97,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/5nx3yw38,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/nh0jguwz,,,Tarrasch Defense: Prague Variation
https://lichess.org/4ixw24f7,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Albin Countergambit
https://lichess.org/kqlvorzi,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/c36io75z,,,East Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/b7vfrlut,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/9ca23q11,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Deferred Variation
https://lichess.org/k4qf4dx1,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/bv3u9xxa,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/42zv704d,,,French Defense: Advance, Steinitz Variation
https://lichess.org/4amht7ae,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/yd2expmt,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/0b4gpj4a,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Franco-Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/k2vncysz,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/mu8763gt,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Forgacs Variation
https://lichess.org/17jei54o,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/7ep3g1fi,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/3xyoop6q,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/200wr4un,,,Vienna Game: Vienna Gambit
https://lichess.org/214d7ed6,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/6s89ib3g,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/8pi9e4cw,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/s48523ut,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/1gklfx4f,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/dgi8fp90,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/0bvdo3ci,,,Ruy Lopez: Marshall Attack, Steiner Variation
https://lichess.org/atnjmai0,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/exvycdmr,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/27ycoerk,,,Sicilian Defense #2
https://lichess.org/j22c89pp,,,Ruy Lopez: Spanish Countergambit
https://lichess.org/05a6oz15,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/87a8hcot,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/fd96ue09,,,French Defense: Burn Variation
https://lichess.org/th56zg6b,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/17adl9xb,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/g54fyyn5,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Knight Attack, Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/8719mg82,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System
https://lichess.org/b1pstxk8,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/ioohkl2b,,,French Defense: Franco-Hiva Gambit I
https://lichess.org/g0jyqq1g,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/duvdwkca,,,Sicilian Defense: Loewenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/a17eqmxb,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Schallopp Defense
https://lichess.org/zqar4pv8,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/7ge1uvpm,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/o9583l2e,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/dymzhvd8,,,King's Indian Defense: Semi-Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/urdxiqts,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/u57lahs7,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/le230fgh,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/m4szihg9,,,Yusupov-Rubinstein System
https://lichess.org/nx8ewl5b,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Franco-Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/ir9yallf,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/2q3trmla,,,French Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/nwmeqdjl,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/la37pe4a,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack, Kiddie Countergambit
https://lichess.org/calqpqho,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/ra17xbix,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/pd9rwlxu,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/3or4x1nv,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/ln398l3w,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/rhtiyya4,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/0gqcwxpv,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #2
https://lichess.org/zwb58o4o,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/n0nduvhf,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/sfqwjnkj,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/ozzhaw1f,,,Vienna Game
https://lichess.org/ve4eupft,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/c40354pj,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/6x8187pb,,,Italian Game: Evans Gambit, McDonnell Defense
https://lichess.org/i9fjt0l9,,,Slav Defense: Modern Line
https://lichess.org/beew5dck,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/xzpldatv,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/z3iz24a0,,,Sicilian Defense: Franco-Sicilian Variation
https://lichess.org/0vaeafth,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/d14wybtp,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/q84ylsmb,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
