https://lichess.org/3ka8ibet,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/rz4pfpp2,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/3bkn5e1i,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/jc9lhhgi,,,Carr Defense
https://lichess.org/c1fx95d3,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Anti-Torre
https://lichess.org/zg46zmo3,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/fpp3cmu4,,,French Defense: Queen's Knight
https://lichess.org/a47o8uj2,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/8ia9u91x,,,Sicilian Defense: Katalimov Variation
https://lichess.org/p3or172i,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/1n6mtro0,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/2sv8gtja,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/ibenchrt,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/eugmww00,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/4irnyeqc,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/t7v0qcgz,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/i2upl48a,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/6e28np7o,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/v2wvlkkh,,,Latvian Gambit
https://lichess.org/u8qxm0ns,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/htxd47rv,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/2fmqhx1g,,,Rat Defense: Accelerated Gurgenidze
https://lichess.org/h317a8f0,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/42fbq14l,,,Sicilian Defense: Loewenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/edn5seqz,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/2eg99qrp,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/jjn5f8kl,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/ap4mc3ty,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Ryder Gambit
https://lichess.org/j1a0gk60,,,Sicilian Defense: Loewenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/j3qo01v9,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/95ik0fqj,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/pw7dyqz2,,,English Opening: Caro-Kann Defensive System
https://lichess.org/jk6rcu25,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/uoexnklj,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/b1pb5gzb,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/mehhlmcm,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/j3hp08f2,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Showalter Variation
https://lichess.org/wjl49uq7,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/xca29sa7,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/bpxt7c59,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Baltic Defense
https://lichess.org/mfafbi8m,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Albin Countergambit
https://lichess.org/bhddix25,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation, Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/iamc88l5,,,French Defense: Franco-Hiva Gambit I
https://lichess.org/mn2l0lcw,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense, Main Line
https://lichess.org/36ul5f8j,,,Alekhine Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/f2wla6pr,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/ljf4zrj6,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/jvzydmjq,,,Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/abs5bkbr,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/62nx0g4l,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/yzmhdpr3,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/kzpkj8r5,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/czj3nv14,,,Alekhine Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/2s5888qw,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/49u39ny8,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/jdl48do9,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/17oz2rp4,,,Center Game: Berger Variation
https://lichess.org/mbr1sxue,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/m61n65x0,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/i6pgi7g7,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/4exxfc01,,,King's Gambit Declined, Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/ksvaoiqv,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/2kkv4ifk,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/jbu77kio,,,Alekhine Defense: Two Pawn Attack, Lasker Variation
https://lichess.org/wi0axrw4,,,Slav Defense: Modern Line
https://lichess.org/y7lffhvu,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/xb6gmwg8,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/ckxs9q1y,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/shwbemvy,,,Philidor Defense: Morphy Gambit
https://lichess.org/dsl6juyn,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/vlquhpva,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation, Linksspringer Variation
https://lichess.org/l1grfday,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/phaccct2,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/f0klrxh0,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/6wroweb7,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Italian Four Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/48ljwswh,,,Modern Defense: Standard Defense
https://lichess.org/xv916tbe,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/vxbnm08p,,,Latvian Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/etp8n51l,,,Alekhine Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/dq89tuv9,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/exub9y5h,,,King's Pawn Game: Beyer Gambit
https://lichess.org/lxll3ooo,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/fzr9o5g9,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/9u9yxwo9,,,Richter-Veresov Attack
https://lichess.org/7rkk8avw,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/4zqgw7uu,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/ei01gwd0,,,French Defense: Queen's Knight
https://lichess.org/vh47u256,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/gnyecpjq,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/d1lc1jvk,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/ypswedh7,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen Variation
https://lichess.org/txyk82x8,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/muaxs0e1,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/9wn6q65p,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/im78par2,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/95m02knw,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/gag9osal,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/lejrg0sf,,,Sicilian Defense: Dragon Variation, Classical Variation #2
https://lichess.org/9xfk4oaz,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/w1j1mnif,,,Philidor Defense
