https://lichess.org/px8smliy,,,Petrov's Defense #2
https://lichess.org/5c4leac3,,,Sicilian Defense: Hyperaccelerated Dragon
https://lichess.org/kkx8p28n,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/jrnrkeh7,,,Zukertort Opening: Kingside Fianchetto
https://lichess.org/ydf75mr6,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/bqpmip4f,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/xa4qkip0,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/9m8f028o,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/0ytjxi0s,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack, Tal Gambit
https://lichess.org/tx882ai6,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/str6bst0,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/pkn5ktc6,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/vuoburh6,,,Vienna Game: Vienna Gambit, Steinitz Variation
https://lichess.org/ndktvlkl,,,Crab Opening
https://lichess.org/91u09uhp,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/wh2m0b1l,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/3h23axvn,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/29saxwf2,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/btl7c5jv,,,Sicilian Defense: Dragon Variation
https://lichess.org/zqnz8qu6,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/6b6n7jxa,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/aavtyixs,,,St. George Defense: Polish Variation
https://lichess.org/496u7n3f,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/bi2zaoog,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/i3u63cgd,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #2
https://lichess.org/j5v60tx9,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/zft5sh81,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/dnu9ygk7,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/erkb9i7i,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/md6i6ws2,,,French Defense: Paulsen Variation
https://lichess.org/m004gvd5,,,King's Pawn Game: Macleod Attack
https://lichess.org/sqrci8y4,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Schallopp Defense
https://lichess.org/wvzoeoqv,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/s2i6r5vu,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/y9rshq83,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/b8h7j4hl,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/q4mbf7ou,,,King's Pawn Game: Dresden Opening
https://lichess.org/xz5bu1eo,,,English Defense
https://lichess.org/a0b6tcbv,,,Scotch Game: Schmidt Variation
https://lichess.org/lyehob3d,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/bru7eqtx,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/fcuyx6j6,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/d1gwkh7c,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/nw5c0a5y,,,Van Geet Opening
https://lichess.org/0xqm6wwy,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/sce5dxml,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/qkc5tm4i,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/undlacvu,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/oaio3jb4,,,Ruy Lopez: Vinogradov Variation
https://lichess.org/jx18791v,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/ky3byce2,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/ocuihx0v,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/dclg653b,,,Nimzowitsch Defense, Declined Variation
https://lichess.org/8w933r9e,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/6rp0pbyt,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/qsnrjz3q,,,English Defense
https://lichess.org/p0xle13w,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/8nea6k1a,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/kju6hd72,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/vqn30giv,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/a1xi34oy,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/6yq59v7s,,,Scandinavian Defense: Kloosterboer Gambit
https://lichess.org/9dfmmia2,,,Sicilian Defense: Loewenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/r85du4yh,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/du183bzd,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/lk5nmh22,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/7md5n299,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Austrian Defense
https://lichess.org/959eaan7,,,Queen's Pawn Game: London System
https://lichess.org/ibitr7fu,,,Vienna Game: Anderssen Defense
https://lichess.org/iuk255qa,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/a7hjqjzi,,,Scotch Game: Schmidt Variation
https://lichess.org/drulu2ux,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/h6y5ex8y,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Normal Defense
https://lichess.org/fkdkd79t,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Nimzowitsch Attack
https://lichess.org/qrljgtka,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/8tp1i6to,,,Queen's Gambit
https://lichess.org/y0lfw6cw,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/b4cdwsp0,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense, Paulsen Variation
https://lichess.org/e4jnsxew,,,Alekhine Defense: John Tracy Gambit
https://lichess.org/11epipwf,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/nb741b32,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/v5fw76as,,,Russian Game: Damiano Variation
https://lichess.org/e7oqg5mf,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/ra5eooqu,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Central Variation, Greco Variation
https://lichess.org/nlyxnxi9,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/e7qvxqb6,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/zuz0mzm0,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/1fz5kj4w,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/0t9f69jp,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/hmhhamwq,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/0415xhhi,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/mv0hf6ib,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/fsttscdo,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/xjbgalgl,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/fi863kgk,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/m4rviap8,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/8jm8op1a,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/5f6d8bvc,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/8s7rxt5t,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/nh2f2nd5,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
