https://lichess.org/2npes90n,,,French Defense: Franco-Hiva Gambit I
https://lichess.org/fpcphozx,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/bsp8wbp3,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/i9grpatw,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/cwb35fjd,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/zfhojhaa,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/0krbfyre,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/9efmp2zd,,,Mieses Opening: Reversed Rat
https://lichess.org/lkjbtzfj,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/dn9q92vn,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation, Traditional
https://lichess.org/1woocu5j,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Cunningham Defense
https://lichess.org/xavw180l,,,French Defense: Franco-Hiva Gambit I
https://lichess.org/jzuq4xom,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #4
https://lichess.org/0e4tgz80,,,Dutch Defense: Leningrad Variation, Warsaw Variation
https://lichess.org/i8iopu02,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/oqjtpy8n,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/nc20lv2k,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/ji7d3p7p,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/5jpujp9c,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/kkxh99on,,,Mieses Opening: Reversed Rat
https://lichess.org/heakljl1,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/lawrvz5j,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/5qjnzme3,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/kjm22daq,,,Slav Defense #3
https://lichess.org/juqcevyz,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/y9ng86fb,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/aoim31go,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/jhh4wiha,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Anderssen Variation
https://lichess.org/91xuryop,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/t3ttpjvr,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/1h0f4qmn,,,Four Knights Game: Ranken Variation
https://lichess.org/u9f1ma5l,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/cwwba3v1,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/0dultjb6,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/czo912ye,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Nimzowitsch System
https://lichess.org/wcd7614a,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/yahu64ko,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/oi5ij57k,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/wi1zl96u,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/f5kxd8fa,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/malqlo3v,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/ipmhy12h,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/jx86fehl,,,Scotch Game: Goering Gambit, Bardeleben Variation
https://lichess.org/5hs3tpc2,,,Alekhine Defense: Maroczy Variation
https://lichess.org/s3353oql,,,Gedult's Opening
https://lichess.org/n3h32vbj,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/d29htfxb,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/klhxav0j,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/kkzpc7yb,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Franco-Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/gewrd4yq,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Reversed Sicilian
https://lichess.org/6jl508da,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/ra8volky,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/c0rkw7e5,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/70p0ew4h,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Reversed Sicilian
https://lichess.org/q0kbpo97,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/ha0w3fey,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
https://lichess.org/a72p6z9i,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/st9r7tsx,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/jf3nph51,,,Dutch Defense: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/8bj3qhuc,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/1memnxm7,,,Budapest Defense: Adler Variation
https://lichess.org/n3iiz4tx,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/lmgrof7r,,,Sicilian Defense: Accelerated Dragon, Modern Variation
https://lichess.org/t6x916mi,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/z3q65kto,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/gee69x3z,,,Pirc Defense
https://lichess.org/0bzymmw4,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Krause Variation
https://lichess.org/lqewtcnb,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/2xnwckgz,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/7b7zwjqg,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/oweikwz1,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/4n2eem4p,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/9w65udrw,,,Sicilian Defense: Najdorf Variation
https://lichess.org/dsz6duwt,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/zdv5l9op,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/f1w2nga9,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/gtg2ou83,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/fzl5by0f,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/6cdz6eg7,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/9zezo119,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/lv0l8qa2,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/m9n5emy7,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/hcap7gr0,,,Polish Opening: Czech Defense
https://lichess.org/s66blecl,,,Barnes Defense
https://lichess.org/yiise7q4,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/o33ehsah,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/4mgnge9v,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/lz903dsk,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/ws4rgho8,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/hbpaio9x,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/m9rm23p5,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/02e0jz8j,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/g46zcjzl,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/weiyvqrl,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/w751qoyu,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/ythtjz6y,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Gurgenidze System
https://lichess.org/6iijnvi4,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/eypw9lwa,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/q36bpbra,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/tkd68h18,,,Scotch Game: Classical Variation
