https://lichess.org/1aj0ru8r,,,Alekhine Defense: Modern Variation, Larsen Variation
https://lichess.org/bao2qk6s,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/t78ia2jt,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/lbyswhi6,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/tr2hie0k,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Normal Defense
https://lichess.org/9ewmesd2,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/favovwl9,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/hq9vkeme,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/9om5mm6x,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/83aex6ol,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/maxvud1x,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/ps0k6res,,,Four Knights Game: Double Spanish
https://lichess.org/s73gzn3v,,,Amar Opening
https://lichess.org/mn4rwrjk,,,Van Geet Opening: Sicilian Two Knights
https://lichess.org/s3iac4i0,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/w5bq4ava,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/2mokrhoa,,,Sicilian Defense: Loewenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/qruloelx,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/3z2t3br5,,,Danish Gambit Declined, Sorensen Defense
https://lichess.org/5uwdkhd8,,,Mikenas Defense
https://lichess.org/k68fmpks,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/zrtzwzqx,,,Alekhine Defense: Maroczy Variation
https://lichess.org/ddhmvt4q,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/njb6hrxe,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/ggd9v6h9,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/iakzzue3,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/h0x1cntp,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation, Batavo Gambit
https://lichess.org/b4732ran,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/u55m4gz9,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/5k79m93y,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Panov Attack
https://lichess.org/3uzxpdjw,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/p5ls10r9,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/7ixzxhx6,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/pq8bfgwh,,,French Defense: Queen's Knight
https://lichess.org/7ulraexc,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Central Variation, Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/rqi2kmv7,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/02u8jh82,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/2ubuk5kx,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/x05fceuf,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/056z7pv1,,,Zukertort Opening: Ross Gambit
https://lichess.org/0azs0nqf,,,Vienna Game: Stanley Variation, Reversed Spanish
https://lichess.org/c9tmnpgb,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/rqu8q870,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/a3r7v4x0,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/7fmilgai,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/7w493ewn,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/6cd9fw65,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/le5yzmja,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/qe8xa09j,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/y6bdwdrv,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/g6ktpp1e,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Stonewall Attack
https://lichess.org/ydbxm4gk,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/te75uke3,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/xcygdrmb,,,Scandinavian Defense: Blackburne-Kloosterboer Gambit
https://lichess.org/oi7nmhl0,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/9l2tgsb4,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/srnfx2vp,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/z4513xzh,,,Anderssen Opening
https://lichess.org/gju0xusz,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/h9x3aiwk,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/hu5ac59w,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/t6jkd4a6,,,Bogo-Indian Defense: Gruenfeld Variation
https://lichess.org/rzf4t6zl,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/h5irncix,,,Amar Opening
https://lichess.org/zql27vws,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/gmuecyz2,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/31pnj9db,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/u78xuqbv,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/yir3mcj5,,,Italian Game: Scotch Gambit, Max Lange Attack, Spielmann Defense
https://lichess.org/rfjb7znz,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Franco-Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/dpdhfc24,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/21yvymu0,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/z6o44lao,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/6gmnxakw,,,Polish Defense
https://lichess.org/k3n260xr,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/imjz3vce,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/x7q7xs5a,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/dudodzjk,,,King's Pawn Game: Beyer Gambit
https://lichess.org/1cazwf5h,,,Ware Opening
https://lichess.org/hn4v6d2z,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/p0ez6yeg,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/vx6hhmwc,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/nhm06k9t,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/nyxx82mh,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/0t6r32r0,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/7biugb3d,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/uuzwfuek,,,Indian Game: Wade-Tartakower Defense
https://lichess.org/6t7g2eb2,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/opolfsqe,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/tecah1an,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/l24tc3xd,,,Caro-Kann Defense #2
https://lichess.org/7p9lpdlw,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/dydbbcmg,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Williams Variation
https://lichess.org/pqjb1qsf,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #4
https://lichess.org/llk6mmcx,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/f8663sc1,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Pseudo-Spanish Variation
https://lichess.org/tiikviop,,,French Defense: Queen's Knight
https://lichess.org/fmzdrnuz,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/o7o471wp,,,Reti Opening #2
https://lichess.org/58nbbfpk,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
