https://lichess.org/3rw2j13i,,,Colle System
https://lichess.org/uy8emznv,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/on16e8l0,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/7fgo822t,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/i9umx65p,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/ecyhbcgi,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/gxzz3pv9,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/g5900mkv,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/o6axqrt4,,,Gruenfeld Defense: Stockholm Variation
https://lichess.org/3spjh0bx,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/zepxpf4s,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/6ur5re7d,,,Zukertort Opening: Slav Invitation
https://lichess.org/shwx32st,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack, Kiddie Countergambit
https://lichess.org/obr0evjq,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/w93aozur,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/7vy8buoz,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/h98fal6n,,,Torre Attack #2
https://lichess.org/yat86eie,,,Grob Opening: Double Grob
https://lichess.org/jz1l49f1,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/yxixwrdl,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/ztdqxthq,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/x2wiaihy,,,Zukertort Opening: Slav Invitation
https://lichess.org/vnngzed3,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/ao20dhm1,,,Indian Game: East Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/i7x65luq,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/eu2l6bzc,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Fried Liver Attack
https://lichess.org/e87r3f4b,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/pngr3mi6,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/w5mtpvbe,,,Sicilian Defense: Loewenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/ih4x0zr3,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #2
https://lichess.org/1fr5j68r,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/2gqgy7st,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/b40qwtxb,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/js04ww8n,,,Dutch Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/6jrvelgf,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/u1ff6f8r,,,Blumenfeld Countergambit #2
https://lichess.org/wu4hglk1,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Franco-Nimzowitsch Variation
https://lichess.org/siszni8u,,,Vienna Game
https://lichess.org/hits5dmo,,,Semi-Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/bvrz35nc,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/du4t48zf,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/jyzq2ykv,,,Indian Game: West Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/6m4vnstb,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Stamma Gambit
https://lichess.org/sq2st8b2,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/k8i7w6td,,,King's Pawn Game: Macleod Attack
https://lichess.org/2w6ybalh,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/ol6e5z4q,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/y3uq40zi,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Stamma Gambit
https://lichess.org/5rx2kt13,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/jf2jl1ot,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/988wi0c9,,,Polish Opening: King's Indian Variation
https://lichess.org/gc1bpsh1,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/4azozftv,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Franco-Nimzowitsch Variation
https://lichess.org/iy23c3un,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/uyb98g5b,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/myita0az,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/8jcz9py4,,,Caro-Kann Defense #2
https://lichess.org/o3fu6lru,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/jwsi87st,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/3nrisgit,,,Slav Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/t2tim9x6,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/eoqkaued,,,Rat Defense: Harmonist
https://lichess.org/m8g6z72j,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Veresov Attack, Alburt Defense
https://lichess.org/lxhy44rz,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Fischer Defense
https://lichess.org/djuyt0hm,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/uwdqnh5r,,,Sicilian Defense: Accelerated Dragon, Modern Bc4 Variation
https://lichess.org/vipqt6v3,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/5krdlf19,,,Sicilian Defense: Loewenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/wxo5du5a,,,Indian Game: East Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/iq1apdwm,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/63bnpvsj,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/dn5atmqp,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/m1uj1s8t,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/ospm1r4i,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/ksojtes6,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/ngns0hpn,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation, Traditional
https://lichess.org/qeuhw0dk,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation, Paulsen Attack
https://lichess.org/gtbkja2h,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #3
https://lichess.org/kuvylz57,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/r607tamf,,,English Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/ogwx412q,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/e9splvd8,,,Borg Defense
https://lichess.org/a2jw6cub,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/xop3jazk,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/wopbp2xa,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/p6j5wxtr,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/f10nu3p4,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/zj8hjcew,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/azec2fs1,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/9sn6hba6,,,Pirc Defense #2
https://lichess.org/87121uia,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/wuu5odic,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/hr2f55cs,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/49bv8246,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/1b4jpj9y,,,King's Pawn Game: Macleod Attack
https://lichess.org/hov9m6c0,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/9uiie6b2,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/ftp4y9zw,,,Slav Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/7qimbwlh,,,Van Geet Opening
https://lichess.org/x52zuhfp,,,Horwitz Defense
