https://lichess.org/0j23qybr,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/5ocoetcl,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/hj2uvf2c,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/vvxao1gm,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/9aszzip5,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/1fm8aq7y,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/tb3ppzqq,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/hn46mgov,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation, Barmen Defense, Central Exchange
https://lichess.org/rp8thsy5,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Nimzowitsch Variation
https://lichess.org/3qdvv1rw,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/iy522ofg,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/d7ezlgkd,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/tykaznvp,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/pjn972qt,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/vzhnks65,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/646kcpgr,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/ekweew94,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/irt2wm1f,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/vmlwu6up,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/4itmdsej,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/nh2hjjof,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/qoe0zljl,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/txpighgx,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit Accepted, Scheveningen Formation
https://lichess.org/4kvk4ex9,,,Philidor Defense #4
https://lichess.org/up7lcf8i,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/5shsllte,,,Vienna Game: Zhuravlev Countergambit #2
https://lichess.org/qbb8l872,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/gaurfbt8,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/7u2xmwk2,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/ocaavsox,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/1czc9l8t,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/ec04scke,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/1w0gzhcm,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Baltic Defense
https://lichess.org/cucp7xez,,,Vienna Game: Zhuravlev Countergambit #2
https://lichess.org/qwf5c32r,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/x8i9m3i8,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/sknkibk7,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/ylkjhcf3,,,Slav Defense: Slav Gambit, Alekhine Attack
https://lichess.org/6kytdmvd,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/5ibtokcu,,,Elephant Gambit: Paulsen Countergambit
https://lichess.org/q1cfjczj,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/1kluf3gp,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/vcy50vab,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/j8h3vsjo,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/tr0d3508,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/971a0aac,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Austrian Defense
https://lichess.org/2qcxwes1,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/4unqjlk8,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/ivhnvwby,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/kpzlnj1c,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/bi4pnh1r,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/usshnn99,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/c7loj1vs,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/cqhotjns,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/afztl2vh,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/r0mbyo6z,,,Barnes Defense
https://lichess.org/6j4kxait,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/nsgazck2,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/4w8tvhl5,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/tfkx5rdj,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/z3w7k30u,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/deud3vbo,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/o3744t89,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/lc5sj87r,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Accelerated Move Order
https://lichess.org/naqh2yq3,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/sm1emjx6,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/4wzfq0pq,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/3l2tt29c,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/yfjt501o,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/5fpgg4as,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/o8xiavba,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/ynwbdaq1,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Polerio Defense, Bishop Check Line
https://lichess.org/zomi8p4s,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/nnw3pdwz,,,Sicilian Defense: Scheveningen Variation
https://lichess.org/l7m0jkhr,,,Barnes Defense
https://lichess.org/0duegcpd,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/ccc5dik8,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/90p0u96l,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/si4892oz,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/sua5ei4h,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/g34n1s6u,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/ka2bkmth,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/o0mhmztz,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/nzc0wsmp,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/urk6vvyn,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/qo6oy7v5,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/tnj7l7vr,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/5yxws1am,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/h3dus54x,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/y43et4t5,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/5ln2rc9u,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/phqta8n3,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/w4d2g8ns,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/7g01vd72,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/j6gd6ad6,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/c6u8rgly,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/nbnxmw6x,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Fischer Defense
https://lichess.org/f6h78jj0,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/j683ri6c,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/ynnvbklx,,,Van Geet Opening: Reversed Nimzowitsch
