https://lichess.org/933q8ob5,,,Philidor Defense #4
https://lichess.org/rg636old,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/nxnjmwz6,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/rouj3cy9,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/y06dxmyo,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/7xskwfxl,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/z467l8ip,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed
https://lichess.org/e39uw7q8,,,Mikenas Defense
https://lichess.org/hmm05sjq,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/toqx3e11,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation
https://lichess.org/5pwuich1,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/h4stqe9t,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/gdouodze,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/co3jb9tu,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/l9p1nb9p,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/tmvndp2m,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/vm0p65ro,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Veresov Attack, Classical Defense
https://lichess.org/lfdhfa4h,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/knnhh9sd,,,Yusupov-Rubinstein System
https://lichess.org/d14km8vf,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/2jicahjj,,,Alekhine Defense: The Squirrel
https://lichess.org/1m9v6hev,,,Slav Defense: Quiet Variation
https://lichess.org/cq95euly,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/9hlmt4jn,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/kru0h8hz,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/o6z2ypsl,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/exrfzm07,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/emwmmyas,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/vdtoj6lv,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/ng094fq3,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit
https://lichess.org/gyoeu9od,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/66s640tp,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/a68115o7,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/emhcue9z,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Meran Variation
https://lichess.org/aihbjv1g,,,Alekhine Defense: The Squirrel
https://lichess.org/zpsm59kh,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/y1nzw4cx,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/1srdpgnn,,,Ruy Lopez: Schliemann Defense, Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/s3atalgl,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/hm5sur1q,,,Sicilian Defense: Open
https://lichess.org/5x1ykyh5,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Saemisch Variation
https://lichess.org/2vf321jy,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
https://lichess.org/ykxcbp37,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/6i9jzbae,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/n5n4ynfd,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Modern Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/m7s2i9em,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System, Anti-Colle
https://lichess.org/dsodm0s6,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/mapnnblk,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Exchange Variation, Positional Variation #2
https://lichess.org/iarttsur,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/v0hhvho9,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/flbs58tb,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/sqqmlgta,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Central Variation, Greco Variation
https://lichess.org/3we4b3wb,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/j3wtxpay,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/14vvfzv2,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/zopz7an3,,,King's Indian Defense: Four Pawns Attack
https://lichess.org/64yrhdy6,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/xf7aw3hy,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/8eqc4bmy,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/zo6ui5pb,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/p5uynyqy,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/95iaq6wm,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/a5l2kvde,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/gvlv4m2v,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/c2dzy975,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/gfm7oyt0,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/85ft130s,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/92b5awtu,,,French Defense: Winawer Variation, Winckelmann-Riemer Gambit
https://lichess.org/dpgi34fk,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/g9ichgr8,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/n25qfjir,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/bafrk8do,,,Alekhine Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ixrokyc2,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/jf5s9lsw,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/k9f0ltgk,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/rlzlu4wv,,,Scandinavian Defense: Blackburne Gambit
https://lichess.org/xsa40pvo,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/yeedw7x5,,,King's Pawn Game: King's Head Opening #2
https://lichess.org/mhzjxvcg,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/jurrwdbg,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/r0lxiym3,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/b7n0z4yl,,,King's Indian Defense: Six Pawns Attack
https://lichess.org/fnxk9ux6,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/08h0mgoy,,,Four Knights Game
https://lichess.org/l9vzzyvq,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/gucxkd3p,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/ltakm23d,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Torre Attack
https://lichess.org/h5pitzo1,,,Russian Game: Stafford Gambit
https://lichess.org/dt9pbtvx,,,Sicilian Defense: Loewenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/ckzuzvfe,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/zvx8gobh,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/0vunrpai,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/3088lyn0,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/ze38vzt8,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Marshall Gambit
https://lichess.org/08ntqk8s,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/e4yw2ouo,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/1uhf25pp,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Panov Attack #2
https://lichess.org/ls5cektl,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/bmqgqgz9,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/49jnbjdp,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
