https://lichess.org/ad8sbzwo,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense #2
https://lichess.org/8zbri7e9,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/5j3uolgd,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/ld49t9vw,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/v6iggx3t,,,French Defense: Advance, Steinitz Variation
https://lichess.org/uc3j3zgs,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation Accepted
https://lichess.org/5amec42d,,,Indian Game: Wade-Tartakower Defense
https://lichess.org/up8tr5l9,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/9gevymqa,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/dcw19ckb,,,Sicilian Defense #2
https://lichess.org/1wxczeiw,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/l8d7apig,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Kramnik-Shirov Counterattack
https://lichess.org/1mrbo54i,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/tynnywev,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/g4pvg18m,,,Petrov's Defense
https://lichess.org/6ol1sp23,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/oi3r6gtv,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/m79lzqly,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/6uz0ozdk,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/n5sqkai8,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/xnqzvbgc,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Franco-Nimzowitsch Variation
https://lichess.org/p5elup32,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense
https://lichess.org/f0iv6kq0,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/h51dp1i6,,,Sicilian Defense #2
https://lichess.org/yvtgi5gd,,,Hungarian Opening: Reversed Alekhine
https://lichess.org/qj793ule,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/iwreignf,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/2ucfim38,,,Reti Opening: Reti Accepted
https://lichess.org/dzyi1c2o,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/mko1oeb2,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/u23ej5s3,,,Dutch Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/xn5tl6wd,,,Guatemala Defense
https://lichess.org/sixqkeoz,,,Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/69w90b6g,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/tmmg7ypp,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/gcfgyude,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/7klvf59j,,,Alekhine Defense: Two Pawn Attack
https://lichess.org/eaz6tjz5,,,Grob Opening
https://lichess.org/8a2nkddv,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/h7h1sodg,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/n9q4gcnc,,,Zukertort Opening: Black Mustang Defense
https://lichess.org/oltu7bkg,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation, Open
https://lichess.org/aobw3qqr,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/tv010nd6,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/25e9aozl,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/5917xklt,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/00edbvy9,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/curywkj2,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/2sk2uois,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/4t5odnal,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/00yl9zcw,,,Italian Game: Evans Gambit, Main Line
https://lichess.org/b8zzntw2,,,English Opening: Anglo-Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/gdtmd7hm,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/crcu2fjf,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/0vmdleuv,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/j318jnyg,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/89l4t2q8,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Franco-Nimzowitsch Variation
https://lichess.org/u06ul0hm,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/22cm8ulo,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/76yagu38,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/lw7gqqag,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/qs3xch45,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/v3euaitv,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/f8dkga1w,,,Rat Defense: Harmonist
https://lichess.org/b3iev2pv,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/dimcfod8,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation
https://lichess.org/p3f96k20,,,Zukertort Opening: Black Mustang Defense
https://lichess.org/siq8tqxj,,,Indian Game: Seirawan Attack
https://lichess.org/shqnm5ds,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/5po482gz,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/otv1xvuu,,,King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/csjzrnws,,,Petrov's Defense
https://lichess.org/g2r5n84n,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/t6zvdd3w,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/ets9aak4,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/z9m3ufrr,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/q4z1ycr9,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/gx2du534,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/z4soydf5,,,Zukertort Opening: Reversed Mexican Defense
https://lichess.org/70iizd1g,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/lzlsmcxv,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Reversed Sicilian
https://lichess.org/a0kziac0,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/s0p8lnc1,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/godmm18g,,,Alekhine Defense: Balogh Variation
https://lichess.org/08i2zjwi,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/dflrdsk0,,,Petrov's Defense #2
https://lichess.org/5wbk0t27,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/jrivu6gq,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/5eyz58wp,,,Zukertort Opening: Kingside Fianchetto
https://lichess.org/jj3j5yfz,,,Zukertort Opening: Slav Invitation
https://lichess.org/g9rke22q,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/yr0br10t,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/fsk5hz54,,,Slav Defense: Modern Line
https://lichess.org/5iej6jrj,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/kjngizst,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/uinnpba2,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/d7o9dyce,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/ezp920at,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Classical Variation, Main Line
https://lichess.org/dx5aiif5,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/nufyblbh,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
