https://lichess.org/q2urpzbr,,,Russian Game: Classical Attack, Closed Variation
https://lichess.org/i425hmuv,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Piano, Greco's Attack
https://lichess.org/tsy45qx0,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/b6qopzx2,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/7slyp0j6,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/4pzsu405,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Bayreuth Variation
https://lichess.org/0zkuvqog,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/ugnye20c,,,Mieses Opening: Reversed Rat
https://lichess.org/bszia3dw,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/ixa2zojo,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/9a86osnl,,,French Defense: Reti-Spielmann Attack
https://lichess.org/c0a8jaf0,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/hxr49679,,,Philidor Defense: Hanham Variation
https://lichess.org/yxcp4425,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/q7y5bo4r,,,Sicilian Defense: Grand Prix Attack
https://lichess.org/8rj0vkoj,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense
https://lichess.org/leexx62l,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/92fhasal,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/9wpkczhz,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/u3xug4sq,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/3glh886s,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/5y214tj7,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/ezqd2kqu,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/qjjc7buc,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/lgglsibd,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/q8hr1kve,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/i8xibs29,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/04cij7uk,,,Slav Defense #3
https://lichess.org/tr21us5e,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/bjtq6ipv,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/tzj91sg6,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/wcy94g2p,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/2r82n5th,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/mya828ed,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/ft7p24ev,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/zf9btx5c,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/vjusslou,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/4jjgmyzb,,,Sicilian Defense: Katalimov Variation
https://lichess.org/hu24bdot,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/drw5vljm,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/gk8hru1c,,,French Defense: Winawer Variation, Retreat Variation
https://lichess.org/8ddaxw9c,,,Gunderam Defense
https://lichess.org/2dboglgz,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/r3qs1i4m,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/iqkkdnmx,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Saduleto Variation
https://lichess.org/dmjqo2jm,,,Petrov: Modern Attack
https://lichess.org/5zwvgsvc,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/c2tbpixg,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation, Bayonet Attack
https://lichess.org/swqkyvoc,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/04h3qkd1,,,English Opening: Anglo-Lithuanian Variation
https://lichess.org/2ubl9xiw,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/q19no705,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/gotly487,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/hcl8s2o3,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/avhxz0j4,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/6rbwu31j,,,Torre Attack
https://lichess.org/4vbp55ga,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/apn6cwzd,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/cblvodks,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/cm8cwt0u,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/5qxmgq8w,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/pwnbjb7m,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System
https://lichess.org/t6qlznog,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/fl66as52,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/lxulj3i2,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/d1r82do1,,,Sicilian Defense: Katalimov Variation
https://lichess.org/dw4nvdt8,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/js2yh5e6,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/xko1jmrn,,,French Defense: Winawer Variation, Alekhine-Maroczy Gambit
https://lichess.org/iii5vyr4,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/hnqsn46l,,,Polish Opening: Czech Defense
https://lichess.org/8t3e76m8,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/inf7ixc2,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/48bokoas,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Graz Variation
https://lichess.org/cri3e2qe,,,English Opening: Anglo-Lithuanian Variation
https://lichess.org/azj7qd2r,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/ozgjax1u,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/zd0u30o7,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/htvel65q,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/bh8xbqd9,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/3xmmqvqo,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/7lznqy3l,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/neyg2vr2,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/8hjbnk2p,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/bcs8mw4c,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/5upm3poc,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Maroczy Variation
https://lichess.org/83g2jkv0,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/9lvib2ao,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/b5x9s015,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/nsxu4vuj,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/5sji1d9b,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Gedult Gambit
https://lichess.org/9zi6gut0,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation, Open
https://lichess.org/yl1xoaen,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Modern Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/1uxdekl2,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/eagu0q6h,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/c27f9c7n,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Romih Variation
https://lichess.org/o3ttioky,,,Zukertort Opening: Pirc Invitation
https://lichess.org/as97gpt0,,,French Defense: Queen's Knight
https://lichess.org/o8c3q2io,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen Variation
https://lichess.org/6dh0ya8f,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Reversed Sicilian
