https://lichess.org/6knf5xr0,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/pamgo2pe,,,Ware Defense
https://lichess.org/he25wysp,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation
https://lichess.org/eufhbjd2,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/mwhbrf2p,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/tijrkre2,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/l94bvmc8,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/a6peijg3,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/ns6uivqj,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Gedult Gambit
https://lichess.org/dokb6dcr,,,Duras Gambit
https://lichess.org/hqxniohs,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation, Open
https://lichess.org/rl7roznk,,,Sicilian Defense: Hyperaccelerated Fianchetto
https://lichess.org/c4p7hpel,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/ptmlwemd,,,Englund Gambit Complex: Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/pl2pkanf,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/xsw1xtwh,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/ltnjebid,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/2kk3z8o6,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/glaf1cpz,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/bqv5f8g7,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #4
https://lichess.org/6mcuyyhd,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/4r52hnx3,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense #2
https://lichess.org/865jq8xe,,,King's Gambit, Falkbeer Countergambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/qx1r1xli,,,East Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/9dh1h24j,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Franco-Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/enihxxp6,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/jkxw2eed,,,King's Pawn Game: Dresden Opening
https://lichess.org/k8lkkjks,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/6k1mfcdq,,,Scotch Game: Haxo Gambit
https://lichess.org/vxgjgfhx,,,Vienna Game: Vienna Gambit, Main Line
https://lichess.org/194qy99u,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/812a1t17,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/mng6kx4a,,,Sicilian Defense: Loewenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/kmdlc1g6,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/1knrbyyi,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/r1098dfo,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/3x0subd2,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/18020qbg,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/dp0wps58,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/zh2ugtc0,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/dk838gvm,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/klvkhthr,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/72eryojj,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/blzzs6tj,,,Scandinavian Defense: Panov Transfer
https://lichess.org/zzzhfloq,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/n6gugy0w,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/obslw5t8,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/lek72dtq,,,Scotch Game: Haxo Gambit
https://lichess.org/u7xo8yko,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Becker Defense
https://lichess.org/17jvpzli,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/s1hluaho,,,Philidor Defense: Hanham Variation
https://lichess.org/9bysi29d,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/nojc84a2,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/vjvsvz18,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/wl3d57ha,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/vyu0roab,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/weqtkxac,,,Scandinavian Defense: Panov Transfer
https://lichess.org/qcp2c9mn,,,Pirc Defense
https://lichess.org/63nik1nq,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/8ufwdd0g,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/377oqbsx,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/l8z0rxav,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/j8y9bbey,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/l2d6eqpo,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Becker Defense
https://lichess.org/v8mgcbpx,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/586h3zkf,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation, Botvinnik-Carls Defense
https://lichess.org/cyo6vwn9,,,Barnes Defense
https://lichess.org/brze1ueg,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/jqfrgqfc,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/2xg7dfa6,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
https://lichess.org/3u0vm1h9,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/old3mluz,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/vbb9clds,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/kw1ry79z,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/xxf67lo9,,,French Defense: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/0w0g5wab,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/yaa2h0ng,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Becker Defense
https://lichess.org/t9t3qx6u,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/vp5p6fgr,,,Scandinavian Defense: Panov Transfer
https://lichess.org/53td0db4,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/vtpo2txo,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/3yrfxaga,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/ex41gspg,,,Colle System: Traditional Colle
https://lichess.org/il1iljt7,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/orv8k2de,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/4g6euz9w,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/y998c6yr,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/eq31xdld,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/jgg4vrap,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/fitnz43d,,,Reti Opening
https://lichess.org/1427nrvv,,,Petrov's Defense
https://lichess.org/a4563fza,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/whexeyez,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/asv963jg,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/md070k8z,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Anti-Torre
https://lichess.org/5a8v2k5a,,,Scandinavian Defense: Gubinsky-Melts Defense
https://lichess.org/pipvyogf,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/g7ofmr8z,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/a7nksb0q,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/j42d1s15,,,Mieses Opening
