https://lichess.org/q7ur8bun,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/vwgwl4mo,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/lvas1bzi,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/a9457q3g,,,Indian Game: Seirawan Attack
https://lichess.org/woruv3h2,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/fpskfxyw,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/038fl151,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/wx0nwva8,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/bctgycvq,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/qp75c8lk,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Central Variation, Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/loj7clvp,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/6pj132vq,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/sjnfdfjq,,,Rat Defense: Balogh Defense
https://lichess.org/ealqsj1n,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/8ecllggt,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/lzmv088x,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/ilq3v1w6,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/jvmd1e38,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/3t8hgbf5,,,Queen's Gambit
https://lichess.org/msgbop1t,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Kramnik-Shirov Counterattack
https://lichess.org/s4yydiep,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/8jbwdgq5,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
https://lichess.org/vee9vqpd,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/sc8u2t72,,,Scandinavian Defense: Boehnke Gambit
https://lichess.org/flmib7be,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Franco-Nimzowitsch Variation
https://lichess.org/lku1y3bx,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/5g4tb9ax,,,King's Indian Defense: 3.Nc3
https://lichess.org/ocofgk1x,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/6nrufa2i,,,Four Knights Game: Spanish Variation
https://lichess.org/jydhg5ai,,,Ruy Lopez: Bird Variation
https://lichess.org/6ixz3erm,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/7jyszmap,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/l0mgjqcn,,,Slav Defense #3
https://lichess.org/w1h7kuw1,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/eoqd970k,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/l2bwlcow,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/lvuu9hrs,,,English Opening: Caro-Kann Defensive System
https://lichess.org/xniymwqg,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/jlhzjjxa,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/q46e7dxc,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/daumgtoy,,,Ruy Lopez: Bulgarian Variation
https://lichess.org/ad1a26x2,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/r438h3cw,,,Old Benoni Defense #2
https://lichess.org/uh3ujmf6,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/ilq6e1j7,,,Sicilian Defense: Canal-Sokolsky Attack
https://lichess.org/tlsqfvu9,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/5v1ehyey,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/s2o5q30j,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/mnnte1jk,,,Scandinavian Defense: Boehnke Gambit
https://lichess.org/ee9vxo2o,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/6gff349j,,,Vienna Game: Vienna Gambit
https://lichess.org/fvcf2xl3,,,Mikenas Defense
https://lichess.org/ck9tzf2m,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/3n318vr4,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/9sgq49dn,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation, Zukertort Gambit
https://lichess.org/70yxx532,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/4mg6fsm5,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/k1ot78n1,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/fk9t4hdj,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/lkjn3ox8,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/c5zhvplk,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/q4ivmqde,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Scandinavian Variation, Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/7002pdna,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/nzolefea,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/s74mu6pv,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/vw0nvs6q,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/qp1npvuv,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/u9d60iqw,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/m8mqbq8b,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/5tqjg9l7,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/jmvig23u,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/rl650jrz,,,Sicilian Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/9e575b9z,,,Four Knights Game: Spanish Variation
https://lichess.org/qkmhsekl,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/hmvkyo7i,,,French Defense: Mediterranean Defense
https://lichess.org/2xhtnc59,,,Slav Defense: Schlechter Variation
https://lichess.org/ir6cwlmv,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/ov4j6688,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/8gtububf,,,Benoni Defense: Old Benoni
https://lichess.org/ab9ovm71,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/ygxi7lb4,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/74sjigfx,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/u2mmnana,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/albwdofo,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/rispax1x,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/46okxjzp,,,Indian Game: Tartakower Attack
https://lichess.org/c58o71cc,,,Polish Defense
https://lichess.org/9ggrx6h4,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/zbsq61wc,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/5zd3wjlp,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/emxuaz8b,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/ssvw7qdg,,,Scotch Game: Scotch Gambit, Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/ed50hp3u,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/9909tqy4,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/4j4fun5k,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/kjrnz6kp,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/593t7pjc,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation, Linksspringer Variation
https://lichess.org/wzw02j6v,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/sdqmrdw0,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/18vba8et,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
