https://lichess.org/ngviy5qs,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/e88j5vw6,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/byn2l1qs,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/fmuea1md,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/ae4fjnko,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/dmisbshq,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/gy1gqunz,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/hmgr2co7,,,Zukertort Opening: Old Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/4nm7jn3b,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/z4dgz1a4,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Quiet Variation #2
https://lichess.org/dsxqzvkq,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation
https://lichess.org/8mmmdmt2,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/3q558shw,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation, Open
https://lichess.org/p1wefnol,,,Sicilian Defense #2
https://lichess.org/0w4jy07h,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/vj778wum,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/7tyg7e5x,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/cf59ilte,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/wczguf8c,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/3q0hlnvj,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/lzynwey0,,,English Opening: Great Snake Variation
https://lichess.org/9ii7v0wx,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/x8hf08yq,,,Slav Defense: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/txz8hoy2,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/0l2vubw4,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/dxfdkkgi,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/3hq7vbc3,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/okcolcgd,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/9ccke9wx,,,Sicilian Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/wfr8xtqw,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/dv3ceido,,,Mieses Opening: Reversed Rat
https://lichess.org/6k1stu2r,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/6c425byc,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ddpmc7np,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/peagcwab,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
https://lichess.org/q4le53iy,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Accelerated Move Order
https://lichess.org/ay3m0dmy,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/yvd5w9iu,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/m6oav8gz,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/1ln8eyjz,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/4j8vrmsz,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/x10dnxzh,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/7of0xm7i,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/6ychg0u9,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/hq1cjy3j,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/40lqof66,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/l33fz2xp,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/igt5obyl,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ahe55q6t,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/rbn9j45y,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/3kn5oz48,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/lwylr30q,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/dtmgdpgt,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/nc9nintj,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/prw4j604,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #3
https://lichess.org/1waiu0wd,,,Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/6d4m236z,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/z636vrzp,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Schallopp Defense
https://lichess.org/jearf1xs,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/849lpcgl,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/6jjw3rss,,,Sicilian Defense: Nimzowitsch Variation
https://lichess.org/7xwng4yt,,,Indian Game: Wade-Tartakower Defense
https://lichess.org/pvpdyis4,,,Canard Opening
https://lichess.org/nyqyadix,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/8eozmhbk,,,Indian Game: East Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/8m16v92c,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/a7naa7sa,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/9hfkt15w,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/5vm4t3bu,,,Alekhine Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/6690oqoj,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/bpoljbor,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/wxviuzfw,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Traditional Variation
https://lichess.org/nfx9dr0b,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/ann8fixt,,,Englund Gambit Complex: Hartlaub-Charlick Gambit
https://lichess.org/hfym156l,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/ijxt5f8z,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/rvv7uhue,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/3td3j48z,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/10fn5w54,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/13o8mq6q,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/oot4l8y7,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/wyq2vcpv,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/hojlq70a,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Breyer Variation
https://lichess.org/fibyqm6u,,,Alekhine Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/zerpfqx0,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Reversed Sicilian
https://lichess.org/coxahhvt,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/o3vgrdkg,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/ue15khf6,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Orthodox Defense
https://lichess.org/qt5w9l55,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/qkvtht91,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/klt905se,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System
https://lichess.org/7fhjh0lc,,,French Defense: Tarrasch Variation, Guimard Defense
https://lichess.org/zhf6vda5,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/ldpxd8m9,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/9f8o2cup,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/jtjuanu5,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/0wuz678k,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/39w5ru8p,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/s07erjmy,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/6hdnyvvg,,,Canard Opening
