https://lichess.org/xhbqakpr,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/d42gf9f5,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/vq6fsy8i,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/qnly5skc,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/wywv2xir,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/11eaxjqf,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/laup60ab,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Harrwitz Attack, Orthodox Defense
https://lichess.org/1bzsjtyv,,,Philidor Defense #4
https://lichess.org/vxmgdwyc,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/4xg7jsu0,,,Modern Defense: Three Pawns Attack
https://lichess.org/wsfo57ul,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/71hxd5bd,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/h8p6soae,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/0lri9har,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/espnvzg1,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/h35s70ef,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/b7aqrv7x,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/eiejgox2,,,King's Knight Opening: Konstantinopolsky
https://lichess.org/ar4kp7b5,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/yverrfb2,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/ijhyh1ak,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/3d089tfl,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/f5ptt03x,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/wfgy5wyr,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/pru1nwz6,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/kqalbtn6,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/0e6ctdrj,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/m9qo33gk,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/xekbi6vg,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/r2aqb6uz,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/l5nugc4v,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/9748ihdh,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/9br01xmj,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/x4iizgst,,,King's Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/iy9gib7a,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/zsajijpv,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Anti-Torre
https://lichess.org/6mpofo0n,,,Queen's Pawn Game: London System
https://lichess.org/5rskvwoz,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/sfg8oc8n,,,King's Pawn Game: Maroczy Defense
https://lichess.org/1n6xovz2,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack, Kiddie Countergambit
https://lichess.org/ujvjzsus,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/fm1fkx9p,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation, Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/hi6yjy1d,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/2tyl31wj,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/cf3grc3c,,,Sicilian Defense: Snyder Variation
https://lichess.org/m1nhpuoj,,,Gunderam Defense
https://lichess.org/t1o68hx6,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/xcquqvuw,,,King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/skk98xc3,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/uz8tg8xu,,,Sicilian Defense: Lasker-Dunne Attack
https://lichess.org/v9ufd46x,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/c3o7q1zv,,,French Defense: Classical Variation, Swiss Variation
https://lichess.org/01eb352d,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/o0jbqxju,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/6u5oms69,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/qdhe5vt4,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit
https://lichess.org/ct6z6pz0,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/2zvtn6xa,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
https://lichess.org/lidnit1l,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/2zsx5h3m,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/b3aagkk2,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/1ouwtr7d,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/cv4i1qh1,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/2vpyvgzk,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/f80n1rk1,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/yqczb5ef,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/06ilm2ll,,,Alekhine Defense: Maroczy Variation
https://lichess.org/trcygglv,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/bot4oocd,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/in5ctzc7,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/mn5n6vn4,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/tuhieleg,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/6oy5j4so,,,Bird Opening: From's Gambit
https://lichess.org/snztsksi,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation, Linksspringer Variation
https://lichess.org/0za7e0v9,,,Tarrasch Defense
https://lichess.org/70x2thci,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/0vajda86,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/cqvst9g8,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/mvenko1d,,,Queen's Pawn Opening: Veresov Attack, Irish Gambit
https://lichess.org/jkwpqp1d,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/tb3p6omd,,,Sicilian Defense: Modern Variations
https://lichess.org/ch8c2thz,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/26cptajf,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/se6cqsfd,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/v6664h5c,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/54v2jz2s,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/mwew5nye,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/7bsblshy,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/3qlwwd30,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/idfkplma,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/m4c6kfr7,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/mbcx64am,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/69eclf92,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/oa8ug5ct,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/pydm5j3b,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/ho17jxjm,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/oqncqdon,,,Sicilian Defense: Katalimov Variation
https://lichess.org/rs98q02f,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/d9nmawq2,,,Bishop's Opening: Vienna Hybrid
https://lichess.org/w18w0zvb,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
