https://lichess.org/zau9hmz3,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/ljoqocpt,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/mu3n5qs4,,,Budapest Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/8buagj4p,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/oyacdqm1,,,Sicilian Defense #2
https://lichess.org/oxr43pob,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/0u6pqkca,,,Colle System
https://lichess.org/q7e31ob7,,,Benoni Defense: Old Benoni
https://lichess.org/0x2szz4f,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/qi10nzqi,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/ix8hqfg5,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/iccplx2t,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/v4x7czgy,,,Zukertort Opening: Vos Gambit
https://lichess.org/ipp0smem,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #2
https://lichess.org/1womg5sy,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/nkaedyzd,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/vlu4z2uy,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/cf50g91a,,,French Defense: Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/u2e3hrby,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/idfko9y4,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/w0ucrd5u,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/7by7nm0z,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/yz68evg9,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/dgjiyh7i,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/9uihbhkx,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/3rb8bxte,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/0flsrgig,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/loutohyo,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/xyvni2c2,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/ptnpkobq,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/oibn4ejt,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/kbelueh6,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/wrm0b3xg,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/r7au080g,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/4kon3wrr,,,English Opening: Great Snake Variation
https://lichess.org/4bezlbhs,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/9v31qnxd,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/ctnzs8fj,,,Sicilian Defense: Delayed Alapin
https://lichess.org/zocuui02,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/g79lblyt,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/6p1zmvz1,,,Zukertort Opening: Pirc Invitation
https://lichess.org/lbeb4ti2,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/18uytu42,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/su4vhkfh,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/gx7g915h,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/hoouyjmb,,,Philidor Defense: Hanham Variation
https://lichess.org/3syhat9y,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Krause Variation
https://lichess.org/lhka3pq0,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/gj87w1ms,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/sz87nzpm,,,Dutch Defense: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/zf0ut3yn,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/68ukhg70,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/mxchb4nu,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/tmnngahj,,,Polish Defense
https://lichess.org/93v06i5h,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/406fjzrn,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/xktki6qh,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Anti-Torre
https://lichess.org/sd40u0tq,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/2u9tjh65,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/zadabl8c,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/vp9fmg96,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/02g7w7xm,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/t2rqdvs3,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/969a117j,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/r7n51ijs,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/ulg6ql7z,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/u01qvrw6,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/ca38rjug,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Stonewall Attack
https://lichess.org/x6nylh0x,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/puf0gpxh,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/qd9uegnh,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/mo2niprm,,,Hungarian Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/ke2k96zo,,,Zukertort Opening: Kingside Fianchetto
https://lichess.org/kdyk6o14,,,Gedult's Opening
https://lichess.org/xigpft2p,,,Philidor Defense #4
https://lichess.org/8clp7vty,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/15vwhbx7,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Williams Variation
https://lichess.org/6m77c60u,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/u1aygru3,,,Danish Gambit Accepted, Classical Defense
https://lichess.org/83pona2b,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/o0p1drcr,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/39sgbcz8,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/z9h4ykvd,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/q2g9a2as,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/s6go9avn,,,Zukertort Opening: Queenside Fianchetto Variation
https://lichess.org/hcx82qvr,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/tpsfq8gy,,,Alekhine Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/2uxh6gyq,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/slz5xl8y,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/8j6hxq59,,,Dutch Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/usauhvzm,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/c629i92u,,,Center Game
https://lichess.org/4ro4t0md,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/3jzjwmeb,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/vwcbtbfa,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/7l7qcvvn,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/vjwufkfi,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation, Linksspringer Variation
https://lichess.org/lyj1ledm,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/ep9wiyza,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/jhnwbulv,,,Sicilian Defense
