https://lichess.org/ogwfckg4,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/boql3w1t,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/mipxu7f5,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/8eo4sato,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/jytabh5v,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/it6oqzza,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/awt2qek4,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/obq4d3ei,,,Van Geet Opening
https://lichess.org/c55ytycc,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/xvf7rzl7,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/rdvfn42r,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/ooaui76z,,,Sicilian Defense: Grand Prix Attack
https://lichess.org/v6nbtk29,,,Ponziani Opening
https://lichess.org/0x9xuc7u,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/w57ipyh8,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/k35wg2yr,,,Ruy Lopez: Bird Variation
https://lichess.org/iw9rovoh,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/r014spd5,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation, Linksspringer Variation
https://lichess.org/s8och9ir,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/h5uzszfn,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/baiy5eno,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/0to0pjgz,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/h8cjbee2,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/lr173f2t,,,English Opening: Symmetrical Variation, Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/2pu6qthv,,,Vienna Game: Zhuravlev Countergambit #2
https://lichess.org/8a4k9wkv,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/m44fkiq5,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/g11eaot0,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Central Variation, Greco Variation
https://lichess.org/o4cwc1k9,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/k89uwvc1,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/zd3mdeht,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense
https://lichess.org/y2id26s4,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/9qjq3t2w,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack, Welling Variation
https://lichess.org/raqca5e6,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation, Normal
https://lichess.org/hnot3ayz,,,Queen's Pawn Game: London System
https://lichess.org/hyqm0ezv,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/2ivfvd9y,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/cxk9krnc,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/i5e6v61r,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/ubf9gj5e,,,Zukertort Opening
https://lichess.org/f7n614is,,,Polish Defense
https://lichess.org/jjno5fnl,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/zr9ugbuo,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/yvqxqc6v,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/4yiru5wv,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/6pxknp97,,,Alekhine Defense: Modern Variation, Alekhine Gambit
https://lichess.org/kzt6tr3k,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Knight Attack
https://lichess.org/p0y6rbup,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/n7dzcmo8,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/x3yhw5hc,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/30wia5qo,,,Benoni Defense: Hromadka System
https://lichess.org/0lgp75mm,,,King's Pawn Game: Tayler Opening
https://lichess.org/j11g17gs,,,Bishop's Opening: Vienna Hybrid
https://lichess.org/i15pol96,,,Italian Game: Schilling-Kostic Gambit
https://lichess.org/41a3rtbo,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/1973numf,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/ft6y6t2r,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/nd1kkk5r,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Scandinavian Variation, Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/vtrsbzn3,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/yc98rzn9,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/5dst9awx,,,Colle System
https://lichess.org/8ii1hs46,,,Scotch Game: Goering Gambit, Bardeleben Variation
https://lichess.org/miy8gzu7,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/pkp9i0x9,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/dyci9wce,,,Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/oo22yd45,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/pgdcu9zz,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/n69meo5a,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/jk54momj,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/l8xeqsb5,,,Zukertort Opening: Black Mustang Defense
https://lichess.org/3vvg4j2j,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/17mvv4e3,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/3mmfnahy,,,Nimzowitsch Defense, Declined Variation
https://lichess.org/3rskx5q4,,,Modern Defense: Mongredien Defense #2
https://lichess.org/h8uld9vm,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/w3x5a702,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/qdjsc4kk,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/bvtxp5xi,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/vp150qba,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/nhft1gud,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
https://lichess.org/qsth441y,,,Mikenas Defense
https://lichess.org/i6sfm2i4,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/8gc1mrjv,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/vx1rra7s,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/zpbdosy5,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/griez919,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Ziegler Defense
https://lichess.org/5dbp41qc,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/ri98yqty,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/b90pm9rj,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/tvby922h,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/hyfbiz12,,,Indian Game: Anti-Nimzo-Indian
https://lichess.org/ylck9h9e,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/xx5xehdc,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/dmscqhlk,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ya3znmqf,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/a8m6figp,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/frbiz6ek,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/hvi2ym3j,,,Queen's Gambit
https://lichess.org/dbu2dgm3,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/qsopmzrz,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
