https://lichess.org/s7lgol8z,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/axsb92s4,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/2j0sayk3,,,Torre Attack #2
https://lichess.org/pnf6z4eq,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/2d23ncuw,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/6mkd3faj,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen Variation
https://lichess.org/03yjuzat,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/k0omfr2s,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/1ezhznnc,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/eyi0af8i,,,Queen's Pawn Game: London System
https://lichess.org/734013bj,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/a57uoncy,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/krcntp0h,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/3cvpyjb2,,,Scandinavian Defense: Kloosterboer Gambit
https://lichess.org/n2io84zr,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/bmx6iez5,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/a3clghsv,,,Ruy Lopez: Marshall Attack
https://lichess.org/jiug0r7u,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/j7imfkcq,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/aln56iqg,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Central Variation, Rubinstein Defense
https://lichess.org/ac1mift7,,,Vienna Game
https://lichess.org/r6o69msy,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/mcdfx0hj,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/2c6agzhy,,,Queen's Pawn Game: London System
https://lichess.org/n1e3j376,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/v8s3qy7f,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
https://lichess.org/mh1qarza,,,Hungarian Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/zqri3qx7,,,Bird Opening: Williams Gambit
https://lichess.org/heqpopwz,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/wguv3d4r,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/assgwrpb,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/i436utb8,,,Scandinavian Defense: Panov Transfer
https://lichess.org/q2c0ed3s,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/d4ihmauh,,,Canard Opening
https://lichess.org/q8ecshdd,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/2cwv6pj8,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/5yba2z8y,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Caro Variation
https://lichess.org/d32f6tdt,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/yvm8sr09,,,English Opening: Anglo-Lithuanian Variation
https://lichess.org/hd1vu5ur,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/s70qnvrv,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/lkpycjmf,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Ryder Gambit
https://lichess.org/j58dhckv,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/omll6796,,,Zukertort Opening: Black Mustang Defense
https://lichess.org/w9x9kzgs,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/kppil0a8,,,Torre Attack #2
https://lichess.org/8tfkg8sr,,,Bishop's Opening: Philidor Variation
https://lichess.org/d6jwtj66,,,Ponziani Opening
https://lichess.org/mlyykivu,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/7qotadgn,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/5z1ml5al,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/kilbotc6,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/d03lwbfi,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/m55tzqaq,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/z85puuup,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Normal Defense
https://lichess.org/bbv9swhp,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/ukfzeyop,,,Tarrasch Defense
https://lichess.org/m2g7ykio,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/388i5wjk,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/n6e6ppyt,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/76undnl9,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/j9eid3gy,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/s90vxxwn,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/xa15h1rn,,,Hungarian Opening: Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/obncarnh,,,Bogo-Indian Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/skntz811,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/utcs77w3,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/hmm1yy2j,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/673h7dyf,,,Sicilian Defense: Lasker-Dunne Attack
https://lichess.org/tsy00bb7,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/iasuh3dk,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Kramnik-Shirov Counterattack
https://lichess.org/cboy759t,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Modern Variation, Normal Line
https://lichess.org/blq1ikjh,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/oimykr6c,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/8i4rn2sy,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/s0b3xmwf,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation, Traditional
https://lichess.org/bj2wihqz,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/94bv5zql,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/9z3cyy3g,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/wzhri4g4,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/9kz3vhx9,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/pqn6o8zr,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/fnmpkjp2,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/48ai6m5n,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/y37l0aj1,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/v1z1ptfl,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/8ec0i0ir,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/ig1iwi4z,,,Zukertort Opening: Slav Invitation
https://lichess.org/gk3ceuuo,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/rorb4tg2,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/76y2ddrt,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/5k70n6am,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Modern Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/g7aetxfg,,,Gunderam Defense
https://lichess.org/6qsdxxtk,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/oi2intgi,,,Scotch Game: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/8hnqceiw,,,Ponziani Opening
https://lichess.org/yoo70lil,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/6x1x7rui,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense #2
https://lichess.org/txfr75e3,,,Scotch Game: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/7r0o1vef,,,Old Indian Defense
