https://lichess.org/3da43ja8,,,Ponziani Opening
https://lichess.org/bme5lqeo,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/hbh6h2ik,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/lsxvtuev,,,Van Geet Opening
https://lichess.org/uhhq2xr6,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/yhack11y,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/0wsd2ezq,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/g5kb15kl,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/dteq18em,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/4zx3e8hn,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/3s4c5ye2,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/gq2xg66a,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Fried Liver Attack
https://lichess.org/lkjsmam4,,,Gunderam Defense
https://lichess.org/0m2kcvhk,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #4
https://lichess.org/66fnjq3r,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/v8x3ewaa,,,Clemenz Opening
https://lichess.org/mrvwup1c,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/l205jif8,,,Petrov's Defense
https://lichess.org/lxu2hv4d,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/j4diyimi,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/a9vz82ek,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/tliaeyvq,,,King's Pawn Game: Beyer Gambit
https://lichess.org/cnnyhgd2,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Reversed Sicilian
https://lichess.org/pq1brd21,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/m8xgbsp0,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/e6rd28hr,,,French Defense: Queen's Knight
https://lichess.org/umk8wasj,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/cqy76rif,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation Accepted
https://lichess.org/gf5n6pt5,,,Vienna Game
https://lichess.org/fqqv1urx,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/mm82r2rv,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/d7lxhc4i,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/qiqrzp0z,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/myoyjq7b,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/w4t174un,,,Pirc Defense: Kholmov System
https://lichess.org/q33ybsff,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Franco-Nimzowitsch Variation
https://lichess.org/tdd5brzo,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/v3tlmnq2,,,Center Game: Paulsen Attack Variation
https://lichess.org/j6bc0sis,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/ncz93zcf,,,Old Indian Defense: Janowski Variation
https://lichess.org/qxrax4uq,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/hs3d10jk,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/1rutvfyn,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Goldman Variation
https://lichess.org/axpithaa,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/mtjgzivw,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/qv6gk4ps,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/i6jp688b,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/39k332hx,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/ddxajbf2,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/ge0dk1jb,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/czvsq4ft,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/8zaogs0m,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/p7hkq7h2,,,Old Benoni Defense #2
https://lichess.org/x113vlrc,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/spaijnr6,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/n25qx1z0,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense #3
https://lichess.org/6l0w5gx6,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/n1fztz9c,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/2mfutx2c,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/cmygncqf,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/0dj9f99h,,,English Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/it2yh2jb,,,Sicilian Defense: Canal Attack, Main Line
https://lichess.org/kx0c8t97,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/u4w8ktf5,,,Ponziani Opening
https://lichess.org/40tqlcl2,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/whzly03r,,,Philidor Defense: Nimzowitsch Variation, Klein Variation
https://lichess.org/f64pztcg,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation Accepted
https://lichess.org/zrhje4ue,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/ubxm6nof,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/kvxh6gkh,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/drdqnvm6,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/n0hv9jn6,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/hrrxbr4t,,,Indian Game: East Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/ft983d7w,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/cnfewxnt,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/qcnr38em,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/mj8igmcs,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/pshe5x3v,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/y47llgyw,,,Ruy Lopez: Spanish Countergambit
https://lichess.org/ox8z9q0a,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/fpz8a7rx,,,Petrov's Defense #2
https://lichess.org/fsgk7s02,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/mz8s7ht9,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System
https://lichess.org/gq14kap4,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen Variation
https://lichess.org/sc7zretj,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/6edzxyto,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/21pkikc6,,,Slav Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/b46etov6,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/jx03kstf,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/h3d7pwk1,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/sjl6di6u,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/2uyw5dxu,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/dg0q04ni,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/n8gyexah,,,Colle System
https://lichess.org/sua62rx0,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/0gyedg6s,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Reversed Sicilian
https://lichess.org/14d7bhx2,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/1mds8z1i,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/assjro4h,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/23lti4xk,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
