https://lichess.org/ilntvv7a,,,Sicilian Defense: Delayed Alapin
https://lichess.org/8ii7k2kt,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/f796hv2b,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/qu43eo8q,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Canal Variation
https://lichess.org/n1pinrwn,,,Sicilian Defense: Najdorf Variation, English Attack
https://lichess.org/2yvu3jyf,,,Bird Opening: Williams Gambit
https://lichess.org/bovf3n6b,,,Old Benoni Defense #2
https://lichess.org/uiqgqws3,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/5kiq4wbq,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Semi-Tarrasch, 5.cxd5
https://lichess.org/vix41aow,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/d0e8nay2,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/ny0av6f4,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/tqbqxu0n,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/f7rody1n,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/rl2a4su3,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/f8z98tze,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/w03fki1d,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/7rwuy1da,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/a97oi105,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/ukdqcr4f,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/3wd0jb86,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/gwnav5wi,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/onclqkpx,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/vvcy81nk,,,Alekhine Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/et7bd2tr,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/sqv2xohk,,,Tarrasch Defense: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/cw57htoz,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/ga0df5ro,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/tzb889zw,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/86snvkwt,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/05iqsshk,,,Sicilian Defense: Accelerated Dragon
https://lichess.org/zglq7n4o,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/08drkht4,,,Ware Opening
https://lichess.org/lotp8zxq,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/qcvcnuqi,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/otxvt9lh,,,Hungarian Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/fozcqaxa,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/e4j5yu3c,,,Vienna Game
https://lichess.org/cfp8j50z,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
https://lichess.org/yk2lc6bk,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/g2ne2b9l,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/4bzmb9cx,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/dpbb1f3m,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Noteboom Variation, Anti-Noteboom Gambit
https://lichess.org/r6mumfme,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/7hydn5b9,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/jv1mkfaq,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/9b7jsqwm,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/pg35jhcv,,,Hungarian Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/b7x59zxu,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Stonewall Attack
https://lichess.org/4e519ggo,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/zmpk7i12,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/5wl4ssid,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/mzd2mm8t,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit
https://lichess.org/4zgbzjvt,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/rw3ia8o5,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/1elzcakk,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed
https://lichess.org/fnheafa0,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/vse56m6a,,,Hungarian Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/phveoub6,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/0k22onin,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/nubtpmdf,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/bcx3r2wm,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/x3mx2kg1,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/x20gw3ej,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/932x5wc5,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/l5kzb9ex,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/mr8lw9lw,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/ir56rhle,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/c58v0yqz,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/0o13scp4,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Accelerated Mannheim Variation
https://lichess.org/tdijxkwd,,,Hungarian Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/flh4arc9,,,Ponziani Opening
https://lichess.org/pg14mele,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/gc4bk6bw,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/uubmf2xa,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Nimzowitsch System
https://lichess.org/3blfjqqi,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/w2ys7dz2,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/ncwzsaz1,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/sz1upvlp,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/6s8388ot,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/ktj5nwb6,,,French Defense: Queen's Knight
https://lichess.org/wvswyjsk,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/yn1kn08i,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/kmyrvol1,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/kpbgokmq,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/6f03k55b,,,Borg Defense
https://lichess.org/qnxsbq6o,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/fokg8h81,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/284fma6j,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/7f9lxl76,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/3v1szpcs,,,Slav Defense: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/8riptss1,,,Scotch Game: Relfsson Gambit
https://lichess.org/35swnowv,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/buyebcej,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Baltic Defense
https://lichess.org/1je0cbls,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/6avaib82,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/75dkqzpk,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/nha723u8,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/i72s2oz7,,,Slav Defense: Modern Line
https://lichess.org/kerwnfsx,,,Modern Defense
