https://lichess.org/zsqh3vgv,,,Ruy Lopez: Schliemann Defense, Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/o1ugltlu,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/9h6lb44g,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: English Variation
https://lichess.org/ibaw261w,,,Three Knights Opening #2
https://lichess.org/jho2wqlr,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/vu6t89r3,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/91sc8g77,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/mlbav8i8,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/ailio2im,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/geso1d1w,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/51dzmj3p,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/54vp3b6n,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/60eezdes,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/0gjbyjjj,,,Van Geet Opening: Gruenfeld Defense
https://lichess.org/gwqofkc2,,,Italian Game: Schilling-Kostic Gambit
https://lichess.org/hca91gf2,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/44d1hbg2,,,Scandinavian Defense: Gubinsky-Melts Defense
https://lichess.org/f8kiym0l,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/jyzy7zsg,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Semi-Tarrasch Defense, Pillsbury Variation
https://lichess.org/0oy5wvah,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/ob1rpskb,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/laacjx8y,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/0l3qp9rf,,,French Defense: Classical Variation, Steinitz Variation
https://lichess.org/7db6l738,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/0yk2xugh,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/nb16iufn,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation
https://lichess.org/01rcv0zi,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Traditional Variation
https://lichess.org/86ab8uad,,,Sicilian Defense: Accelerated Dragon, Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/fae412v6,,,Grob Opening
https://lichess.org/fym14ssp,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/6ikqlsqm,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/w19yjzij,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/orq1tr0x,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/qu9sve08,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/xad6he2b,,,Ruy Lopez: Closed Variations, Averbakh Variation
https://lichess.org/zk590sei,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/1e5rnhvt,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/5tj3s13f,,,Sicilian Defense: Accelerated Dragon, Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/l3znooz7,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/bbclcnfc,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Anti-Torre
https://lichess.org/ry8iena6,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/uubtw1cv,,,English Opening: Anglo-Lithuanian Variation
https://lichess.org/u9g4nh5x,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/re1r0k09,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/djhfjixe,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/zr54m1fc,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/4ucvp2hw,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen Variation
https://lichess.org/wjvkaq3d,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/d8rd8po9,,,Scotch Game: Goering Gambit, Double Pawn Sacrifice
https://lichess.org/xw89gwno,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/edtf4g82,,,Ruy Lopez: Closed Variations, Closed Defense
https://lichess.org/n9o87z0o,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/j6orsxm7,,,King's Pawn Game: Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/66c2rexh,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/yy0oyyv9,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/1fbb3csp,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Traditional Variation
https://lichess.org/vv7g8f0a,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Rosenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/q9nene9a,,,Grob Opening
https://lichess.org/v4d0e01v,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/s02k5no2,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/qulg32bz,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: French Connection
https://lichess.org/w41qwbdj,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/gcnxmhjm,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/2aejmuk6,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/mfg6cg2h,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/4jq4l6s8,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/1c1jr7vt,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/rusy4c4o,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation, Short Variation
https://lichess.org/5fgrutsl,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/uv9i3kvb,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Pseudo-Spanish Variation
https://lichess.org/wp3y4iip,,,Sicilian Defense: Loewenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/58qxdv0m,,,Latvian Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/wgtl3imk,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/jmggz7pe,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/r26lfwpq,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/z9atqtsi,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/i3p8n9dm,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/03vssduc,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/8kx1r3x9,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/rsipynon,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/yuuunyy6,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/a5t05kh8,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/dr7i900o,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/pk5yt27b,,,Alekhine Defense: Maroczy Variation
https://lichess.org/greabuwm,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/ctscas5f,,,Slav Defense: Modern Line
https://lichess.org/sy4vklv4,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/qepei3vi,,,Mikenas Defense
https://lichess.org/widnidhk,,,King's Pawn Game: Beyer Gambit
https://lichess.org/cl4bj77i,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/xkvcoy1f,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/gd7sr6kq,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/99k39wbo,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/n7qcizhj,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/bsn2qvn6,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/1pq1wym4,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/bmt06vn7,,,Sicilian Defense: Wing Gambit
https://lichess.org/jv74fmvj,,,English Opening: Great Snake Variation
https://lichess.org/njsryjtl,,,Bishop's Opening: Philidor Counterattack
https://lichess.org/nk09gvwf,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
