https://lichess.org/dfyywqky,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/a00jliuo,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/hxo555q5,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/y4tu1r7u,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/to332y50,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/ucmh9w0u,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/s3rx623e,,,Alekhine Defense: Two Pawn Attack, Lasker Variation
https://lichess.org/da4d28an,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/fir95oka,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen Variation, Szen Variation
https://lichess.org/wihw8ck6,,,Vienna Game: Max Lange Defense
https://lichess.org/0s6rrthu,,,Sicilian Defense: Marshall Counterattack
https://lichess.org/uhsdawdm,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/0n85u5f8,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/hoy0no3e,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/3zlhpb8z,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/hsn1cyjb,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/n9f07tfg,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/wd6o14ry,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/f1qujvh7,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Normal Defense
https://lichess.org/iuwtlzos,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/e0rvf0hb,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/nckz8yvq,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/f6zxb7l1,,,Sicilian Defense: Marshall Counterattack
https://lichess.org/nbflxaca,,,Bishop's Opening: Vienna Hybrid
https://lichess.org/juln1gu7,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/qhndj45h,,,Carr Defense
https://lichess.org/kisrr1a7,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/k5llntyx,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/00om7uf4,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/f7rmfoad,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/mh9h9jdk,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/9xfih3t3,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/yuxffc2t,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/jpixnlzo,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/ktn4zrh3,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/h7f2mw6z,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Tarrasch Defense, Pseudo-Tarrasch
https://lichess.org/n4eqkgtj,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Scandinavian Variation, Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/1gyzm1b2,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Noteboom Variation
https://lichess.org/zpu1t2ds,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/f1i0mkry,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/tdzygd08,,,Hungarian Opening: Slav Formation
https://lichess.org/715sy08v,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/gu24c1oy,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/edr5ajug,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/h71txrd9,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/yaffv73e,,,Benoni Defense: Old Benoni
https://lichess.org/qqbx99ki,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/4g97s008,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/eyt9udbd,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/3jnk24jq,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/vqndze9y,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/xv8fv4ky,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/5sl7kgzi,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Central Variation, Greco Variation
https://lichess.org/7105uj09,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/s8cczlep,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/8oja5syq,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/xb8dszls,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/4vjdtlaa,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/o0nar2gc,,,Philidor Defense #4
https://lichess.org/2zw8wukk,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/t7l9977w,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/uupgyrxj,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/8tb23tlb,,,Tarrasch Defense
https://lichess.org/dg209xi9,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/zjlsh0d2,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/fcdpy9nh,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/5a64gja8,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/juhd9h47,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Winawer Defense
https://lichess.org/1rhjkqbp,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/ttbxjhu5,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/fx3hih8x,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/o2suflcs,,,Four Knights Game: Double Spanish
https://lichess.org/x1ecq0fd,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/ga48j1gu,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/pg97shq3,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/qvpzhs5v,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/m34mte6v,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/6lisvphv,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/jz3hsarc,,,Gruenfeld Defense: Exchange Variation, Modern Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/qxynj723,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/slp3lpbw,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/tf0rd0o6,,,Four Knights Game: Ranken Variation
https://lichess.org/uwaim6g4,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/h6o4qwap,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/z3hy7177,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/2rb7fr0l,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/qd5g1tn3,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/9v3y9mmj,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/adgn7vah,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/920joswr,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/8oh7we25,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/wnlutb8w,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/vgi2euyi,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/rrtu45nk,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/58xw9fnx,,,Alekhine Defense: Krejcik Variation
https://lichess.org/idwke1of,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/5e1vdgtg,,,Italian Game: Scotch Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/55f86cks,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/yg8odeqb,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/ntcxpcid,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
