https://lichess.org/qltkykkd,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/88l669fq,,,English Opening: Great Snake Variation
https://lichess.org/2uqi1mx7,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/3u7jxk7t,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/j9pl9f9l,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/3jh8kvqb,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/eb2rmrrz,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/xmetinol,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Reversed Sicilian
https://lichess.org/l82mawjn,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/vc3ekv0g,,,Center Game: Paulsen Attack Variation
https://lichess.org/x5xxdign,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/tyhhyj3g,,,French Defense: Mediterranean Defense
https://lichess.org/wzqqrzeb,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/eoomxuz0,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/wkyl5t04,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/kerqdls8,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/0x1le18w,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/0dqm9pw4,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/zwi6pgn4,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/wbpkpp1o,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/ln6w974k,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/5cn1hjjg,,,Grob Opening
https://lichess.org/4ge3754f,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/7wx98vvz,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Reversed Sicilian
https://lichess.org/0rbf0ors,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/94hxnrtz,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/xz8njgmb,,,Hungarian Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/3rshz5m4,,,Philidor Defense: Nimzowitsch Variation #2
https://lichess.org/i1de5rmd,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/4ed3a74t,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Euwe Variation
https://lichess.org/j9ckxk1m,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/1m09rdyo,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/dhzbky4a,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/80lwk144,,,Goldsmith Defense
https://lichess.org/jrcb0q9t,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/xx1m8xma,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/5868exc0,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/k7eafwt8,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/26gddi4a,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/5cece6kt,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/8lm5o99g,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/c63gm3r9,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/hwjb7d6l,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/37w9rglx,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation, Normal
https://lichess.org/09d3p15v,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed Alekhine
https://lichess.org/vw4li2gb,,,Center Game: Kieseritzky Variation #4
https://lichess.org/uc69nprh,,,Bishop's Opening: Philidor Variation
https://lichess.org/i4fwqfyg,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/m6tih9ay,,,Colle System: Traditional Colle
https://lichess.org/o29iu53k,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/dzxhhd7j,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Cunningham Defense
https://lichess.org/qqn02vzr,,,English Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/q7wl3bye,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/2mkiv0ep,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation, Botvinnik-Carls Defense
https://lichess.org/zjrtutx3,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Vienna Variation
https://lichess.org/conch5yv,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/kbl8c6zf,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/dqwp6eni,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/ycu4h6j8,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/7ocgrfku,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/p0u51btz,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/hu20ogpt,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation
https://lichess.org/d7pmmzer,,,English Opening: Symmetrical Variation, Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/5u32m8h3,,,Polish Defense
https://lichess.org/dq5wddtt,,,Danish Gambit Accepted, Copenhagen Defense
https://lichess.org/ch2xs3yf,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/rd1ure6s,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/gvyfd9m2,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/vtwkz2r2,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Euwe Variation
https://lichess.org/qnv8rvj6,,,Grob Opening
https://lichess.org/t3iaqdz5,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Ragozin Variation
https://lichess.org/wkpr99fz,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed
https://lichess.org/rvutpn89,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/mqtgxpni,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/f43bnyzw,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/8s2pyfla,,,Russian Game: Stafford Gambit
https://lichess.org/3j6wjy29,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/0jb00ouf,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/9e2pkhcm,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/1vo8hwh6,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/s132pem7,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/72bbws2m,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/gnmf69uc,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/xkiydm1u,,,Carr Defense
https://lichess.org/pt1mryrk,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/xgue8pue,,,Four Knights Game: Gunsberg Variation
https://lichess.org/fsz76pwh,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #2
https://lichess.org/lwj0hd29,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/nd665k7i,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/ejlkvk7u,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/whibzhjq,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/ujqksx3y,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/696lsejx,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/w2n7qfr3,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/4txk9v1b,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/mg8ewma5,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/spkfr8li,,,Gruenfeld Defense
https://lichess.org/r748l9q2,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/30nif3yi,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/5gbswpzp,,,Modern Defense
