https://lichess.org/v7n4tds3,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/mznay83f,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/crsatijt,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/rockcuml,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/3baod2hn,,,English Opening: Great Snake Variation
https://lichess.org/oztqle9b,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/c6ppbzmz,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/m87q16fb,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/p7ehe4cf,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/29p85b2x,,,Three Knights Opening #2
https://lichess.org/ukn7f7t7,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/wts6k227,,,Dutch Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/f1n6e92m,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Stonewall Attack
https://lichess.org/vxew9u6m,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/593w5six,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/9ejja67p,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/5p1juri8,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/noas42oq,,,Ruy Lopez: Closed Variations, Martinez Variation
https://lichess.org/oeah3zxm,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/cxjw4q3g,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/mjiyp0d2,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/egmuyd0j,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/q4a1jfnp,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/0hsic4uz,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation, La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/yze0ky4l,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/61de74sq,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/jekjcdio,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/cg8qd0tc,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/bnyqy76j,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/gbtd6oyu,,,King's Gambit Declined: Keene's Defense #2
https://lichess.org/cod8c8ll,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense, Malvinas Variation
https://lichess.org/lpwu47po,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/p59rztwh,,,Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/oowsanem,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/nallndw2,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/hdexr4wx,,,Ponziani Opening
https://lichess.org/bc3x6vwa,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/gi1a77af,,,Slav Defense: Quiet Variation
https://lichess.org/zvcmru4o,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Accelerated Move Order
https://lichess.org/bzh1oaf9,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/hbvxiox8,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/yg9sgp57,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/gnqjaldw,,,Bishop's Opening: Horwitz Gambit
https://lichess.org/06si2aa6,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/1j3emv1k,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/lhisxoqw,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/oetmecb6,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/u9lisoc6,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/za14xb92,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense, Improved Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/b5klza1p,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/5mebz820,,,Mieses Opening: Reversed Rat
https://lichess.org/ajg24xq8,,,Indian Game: Colle System, King's Indian Variation
https://lichess.org/r9jrhstm,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/nhkakxma,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/3u9u41pz,,,Italian Game: Schilling-Kostic Gambit
https://lichess.org/x3ejdw61,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/nxh92xzb,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/gdxuhynq,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/3zu9q95y,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/xpnd2xox,,,Center Game: Berger Variation
https://lichess.org/5iz3sy4t,,,Hungarian Opening: Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/ap9higj5,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/20nl2nmz,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/xn1k53ca,,,Van Geet Opening
https://lichess.org/tlhsvjfx,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/ar8rjrk4,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/30jw8r8m,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/xucsutk7,,,King's Pawn Opening: 2.b3
https://lichess.org/an8owmkz,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/0bwyspqx,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/a3cvjuef,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/q1i6ba35,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/kypws9xa,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/ld6d5em2,,,Dutch Defense: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/mc3qbugg,,,Benoni Defense: Modern Variation
https://lichess.org/3brgkz7y,,,Englund Gambit Complex: Hartlaub-Charlick Gambit
https://lichess.org/50t18073,,,English Defense
https://lichess.org/diw19f5v,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/i0dq9b2r,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/crl3pzmx,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/of99toro,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/7fzfs27c,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation, Open
https://lichess.org/9qs61w3i,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/nnltekw7,,,Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/jdi4wzad,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/6raoju6i,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/fa945c3b,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/11tpox3o,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/qlnhcb3h,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/wzwqidkg,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/rl9hvtxm,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/scql7xil,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/uaaziu0r,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/g139el06,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/robyi5n8,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/82a56lu3,,,Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/kvo8nkol,,,Alekhine Defense: The Squirrel
https://lichess.org/yux9o1r8,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/u8m0su61,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/56xgb35a,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
