https://lichess.org/s2cxvmmy,,,Four Knights Game: Gunsberg Variation
https://lichess.org/iiori9qf,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/33lnn5wr,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/tv9qzhhh,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/6mapfyvl,,,Slav Defense: Quiet Variation, Pin Defense
https://lichess.org/ywpe0ka8,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/mdvsi2f3,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/753wdu82,,,Hungarian Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/kgaqfmib,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Accelerated Move Order
https://lichess.org/oufci15p,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/ao29bspl,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/3elv1wso,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/p5wbkfbp,,,Philidor Defense: Larsen Variation
https://lichess.org/768iidho,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Normal Defense
https://lichess.org/ercowjj4,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/l7t7warw,,,Bishop's Opening: Philidor Variation
https://lichess.org/0bkrl4kx,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/7jlze1w0,,,Dutch Defense: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/jzhn8uui,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/n7hkwm4s,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/ibxkfz8q,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/3hryakmz,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/sr15rabk,,,Indian Game: Wade-Tartakower Defense
https://lichess.org/cniwotu3,,,Polish Opening: Zukertort System
https://lichess.org/peg2x6d8,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/2ma88j0r,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Vienna Variation
https://lichess.org/tf9qqzhp,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Baltic Defense
https://lichess.org/zopiiver,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/pgpd17a7,,,French Defense: Baeuerle Gambit
https://lichess.org/k9zsebkj,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/939lz8di,,,Benoni Defense: Old Benoni
https://lichess.org/fqm51ie7,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/hdx1kov1,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/rsvvnyov,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/tq9i3d73,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/npm6ek6n,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/4wd6nelt,,,Colle System: Traditional Colle
https://lichess.org/47leds2w,,,King's Pawn Game: Maroczy Defense
https://lichess.org/5vlnkzx0,,,Ruy Lopez: Marshall Attack, Steiner Variation
https://lichess.org/sjgspr8w,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/mtp6bo4u,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/sgg7iamd,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/et1rf99p,,,Semi-Bononi
https://lichess.org/bib3xaa4,,,Reti Opening: Reti Accepted
https://lichess.org/xq042vn3,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Two Knights Attack
https://lichess.org/yggj2wgd,,,Zukertort Opening: Santasiere's Folly
https://lichess.org/c3gqpi4q,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/loa702wn,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/1knrphif,,,Richter-Veresov Attack
https://lichess.org/6iw5q0dp,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/2qoe99fg,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/5d80iizi,,,Modern Defense: Standard Line
https://lichess.org/8cww4bbv,,,Elephant Gambit: Paulsen Countergambit
https://lichess.org/s5g1in88,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/0ybr8th2,,,Four Knights Game: Gunsberg Variation
https://lichess.org/8yr9muxv,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/sz8qzd8q,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
https://lichess.org/cu1d1myz,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation
https://lichess.org/m6utt18f,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/htb48bn8,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/v1ifc73s,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/z5u3v3x4,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/j9cy3oq5,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/7a1ef9q9,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/k9qv52wu,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/09bxialh,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/76t14u99,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/8tg3t0ur,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/8e7q5nah,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/wjavm7zf,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Baltic Defense
https://lichess.org/44dtq086,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/gacmpc31,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/enkx17rp,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Veresov Attack, Dutch System
https://lichess.org/sv5xjduy,,,French Defense: MacCutcheon Variation, Lasker Variation
https://lichess.org/tkad98zu,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/ol3osna2,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/2jr6dlek,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/8ttgcn20,,,Slav Indian
https://lichess.org/y95h4w8c,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/ef3z8f69,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/xdejivcz,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/ln5uataq,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/hnahj9kz,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/lpzyeniy,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/5vpg2oxa,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/ecturbm2,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack, Kiddie Countergambit
https://lichess.org/p8wid0k4,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/2haexy2h,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/2m9fousj,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/wefz2on6,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/yj1vbx4p,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen Variation, Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/iftscb6o,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/ya4cng4m,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/exjg0h7f,,,Sicilian Defense: Godiva Variation
https://lichess.org/o12r1x3i,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/vk3bvuns,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/2gbie7gj,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/7xjxjr8f,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation, Linksspringer Variation
https://lichess.org/gik8bxsn,,,French Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/oze40sit,,,Bishop's Opening: Philidor Variation
