https://lichess.org/4qk5azqj,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/chbkmryz,,,King's Knight Opening: Konstantinopolsky
https://lichess.org/3d19m0dj,,,Vienna Game: Zhuravlev Countergambit #2
https://lichess.org/rinvehpw,,,Sicilian Defense: Kramnik Variation
https://lichess.org/29x06b0d,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/owpuai08,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/4hqc4gj9,,,Elephant Gambit: Paulsen Countergambit
https://lichess.org/fvvwmib0,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/z92zn04e,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/bhsyoync,,,Anderssen Opening
https://lichess.org/rc15lysa,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/uxijpckp,,,Latvian Gambit: Mlotkowski Variation
https://lichess.org/xzgrns01,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/i28pt6au,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/pi4ym9ac,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/kr5hdgae,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Veresov Attack, Classical Defense
https://lichess.org/zo9nfp0h,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/b5no9ogf,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/55y9ljli,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/lel8rrxw,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/7yt1pchi,,,French Defense: Queen's Knight
https://lichess.org/fglvsrsf,,,Semi-Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/d13zi8rp,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System
https://lichess.org/d2t21w8i,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/u3lk2x2t,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/84ez4oyj,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/pifwsykz,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/zngw71zy,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/lt2gm7d8,,,Alekhine Defense: Maroczy Variation
https://lichess.org/1t4v58xf,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/28hp1df0,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/wlmoqn1h,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/kb55w162,,,Yusupov-Rubinstein System
https://lichess.org/p0lcmc0u,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/fvlen1rl,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/c8219pz7,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/irsa4d3k,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Baltic Defense
https://lichess.org/z4nfy1hq,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/nbpgvaf0,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/ej5gn645,,,Slav Defense: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/vskt7eqo,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/sofny6ut,,,Zukertort Opening: Pirc Invitation
https://lichess.org/89fqk21d,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/dsfqnbbi,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/l9ycb3e1,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/95fvrrs8,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #4
https://lichess.org/20eo9e2c,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/gqw7k9q9,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation, Linksspringer Variation
https://lichess.org/36af48ia,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/wafeq8yc,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
https://lichess.org/v8s5er0c,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/tnzxgtxs,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/fvceeaqh,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/n2g44k89,,,Zukertort Opening: Kingside Fianchetto
https://lichess.org/snd56doj,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/vq4vvhsi,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/4sq5j1me,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/5f5enbol,,,Alekhine Defense: Scandinavian Variation
https://lichess.org/jngt9q5a,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/2pd00paq,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/k72ogb95,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Central Variation, Greco Variation
https://lichess.org/654meips,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/mzdgllfs,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/3kjvfv19,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/pa19vlec,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/9r01ao7k,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/xpnr00sx,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/7doxro6d,,,Sicilian Defense: Open #3
https://lichess.org/fb5bfqyc,,,King's Pawn Game: Gunderam Gambit
https://lichess.org/t77cniox,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/r8qgerma,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Stoltz Variation
https://lichess.org/pgi2pj7r,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/ppl5w2fl,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/pfv970xq,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Bishop's Gambit, Maurian Defense
https://lichess.org/s2fhtedy,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/79n4p9g3,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/694logd7,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/a8el37ct,,,Sicilian Defense: Najdorf Variation
https://lichess.org/ostkhmcf,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/r9gv2js2,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/cdxrygzo,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
https://lichess.org/mpd9q5s4,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/0tjvggcb,,,Philidor Defense: Morphy Gambit
https://lichess.org/f8otu83n,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/ivk48gnk,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation, Open
https://lichess.org/sa5iac8r,,,Indian Game: London System
https://lichess.org/y7c6m8pc,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/kj0smylb,,,French Defense: Reti-Spielmann Attack
https://lichess.org/jpq66wio,,,Scotch Game: Scotch Gambit
https://lichess.org/1ht0cg9m,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Baltic Defense
https://lichess.org/pilnsj7r,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/zpmrbmyv,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/3vgpmgf4,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/lgw335v9,,,Anderssen Opening
https://lichess.org/e0uwt0nf,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/e94nr8iu,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/qf1p0h21,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/3mn4795m,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation, Linksspringer Variation
https://lichess.org/hk6jc6eb,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/g7mvgs8o,,,Modern Defense
