https://lichess.org/wdqhnjvx,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/rrccn9d6,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/w4dmfau8,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/nj03eonv,,,Polish Defense
https://lichess.org/bh8q5vsg,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Reversed Closed Sicilian
https://lichess.org/66r36bd4,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/fhzp21u9,,,Semi-Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/sg34i8yu,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/ivd6gcr6,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/uuufp488,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/g5k2gle3,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/9cvbdk6z,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/dwh7v388,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/4q31zav7,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/ty9mhx0e,,,King's Pawn Opening: 2.b3
https://lichess.org/t7js8s00,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/gsws9n11,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/um7s0u9w,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/ahjfiqeb,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation, Van der Wiel Attack
https://lichess.org/b878pl3e,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/cn50w7si,,,Ponziani Opening
https://lichess.org/5dynulxh,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/wn3v4iqg,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/30uumylo,,,Vienna Game: Stanley Variation, Reversed Spanish
https://lichess.org/40frtcux,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/o6gt3dl1,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation
https://lichess.org/1vu92ao0,,,Vienna Game: Stanley Variation
https://lichess.org/k4ot02vd,,,Modern Defense: Three Pawns Attack
https://lichess.org/0bx3ynao,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/xwcsrzsy,,,Colle System
https://lichess.org/oom6llp3,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/3v09avbp,,,French Defense: Horwitz Attack
https://lichess.org/osuyr8az,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/5wy1hs6k,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/9um495pf,,,Pirc Defense: Classical Variation, Schlechter Variation
https://lichess.org/a1hxqjcp,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/7l8cw3fn,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/1ca2xp15,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/r6i0mqe8,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/xi8me3oi,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/i7ljg3fb,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/52ot4xm9,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/j6rmvajq,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/5vqmb6me,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/uuearb5u,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/oan98tyt,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/57yo5kdj,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/kru9vl95,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/rvfp9vrb,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/02zlg1yu,,,Van Geet Opening: Sicilian Two Knights
https://lichess.org/t745zf5d,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/5kkq6kfp,,,King's Pawn Game: King's Head Opening #2
https://lichess.org/qxm4s3l1,,,Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/jlpcqazd,,,Scotch Game: Scotch Gambit
https://lichess.org/zbzku47l,,,Bishop's Opening: Philidor Counterattack
https://lichess.org/rn0h4h14,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/yanbq012,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/fto3b1sz,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/j5ugnpwd,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/l3eoqlqc,,,English Opening: Great Snake Variation
https://lichess.org/jj2pf77u,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/z4oz436t,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/ei0hdqse,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/vtw28lle,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/mtjr7li9,,,Benoni Defense: Old Benoni
https://lichess.org/vlrccc7y,,,Three Knights Opening: Schlechter Variation
https://lichess.org/8w0tnux4,,,Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/mor3ywc3,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/c8jng27x,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/pfcmh6wv,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/gzdk5kyo,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/47cikdq7,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/jkkrdve7,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/u5uycnkj,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/ip4ny6uw,,,Four Knights Game: Spanish Variation, Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/ne0v3xu3,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/2d57cff1,,,Zukertort Opening: Black Mustang Defense
https://lichess.org/pjflndzj,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/emj0q03k,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/r4c7kb71,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/le7c2b3x,,,Reti Opening: Reti Accepted
https://lichess.org/28gwfvdm,,,Hungarian Opening: Slav Formation
https://lichess.org/3zy7qfhi,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/5znsvxq1,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/nn18ig8v,,,English Opening: Great Snake Variation
https://lichess.org/kk6jppx0,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/jl0fpyh1,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/sq8duli7,,,Scotch Game: Scotch Gambit
https://lichess.org/aec4uwa6,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/xog62u8p,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Quiet Variation #2
https://lichess.org/ooadyla7,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/jjgyoo95,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/33x6ww32,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/qfcjxxdy,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/ui5lpys2,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/nayn4vy2,,,English Opening: Great Snake Variation
https://lichess.org/nts79o4g,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/rewjwbm7,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/04btcjsg,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/9qvc5dfi,,,King's Indian Attack: Yugoslav Variation
