https://lichess.org/mfjs6j7t,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ixeapajx,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/bcl27hc9,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/b9fhu5g7,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/h7rhj59s,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/hw01q7n9,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/fobjr5jz,,,Italian Game: Hungarian Defense
https://lichess.org/kvgpnoj2,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/2o9ul0zj,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/45cjqmkn,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/g81al6d9,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/c18mstf4,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/xpn7dw8y,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/56tb3xyd,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/usc5dv7n,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/thupm3xa,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/fprk5k70,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/88eyynt1,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/sw27w7k3,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/4lhr6naa,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/remflcqk,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/mtn34l1y,,,Sicilian Defense: Accelerated Dragon, Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/6hl55sm1,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/8mek3kyw,,,Dutch Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/h0fjzjjw,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/cs7wqzim,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/5w14hxpl,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/lgmrnkyl,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/repi2ved,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/z9u6cxfb,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/pa1s6cbe,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Reversed Closed Sicilian
https://lichess.org/xtw6x8sk,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/6olbysav,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/xl5etq78,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/a98363of,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/uhpwbcz8,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/0pmp7t7f,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/3tonpfdo,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/p0fcp7w9,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/27u5r5tw,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/vtnijvcd,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed Krebs
https://lichess.org/fijrgok4,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/rhcfa7jq,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Accelerated Meran Variation
https://lichess.org/590d23z7,,,Rat Defense: Harmonist
https://lichess.org/32ao2bh0,,,King's Pawn Game: Beyer Gambit
https://lichess.org/1fajt2rs,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
https://lichess.org/w3tynpno,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/vrsa2fa5,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/yo0dau9d,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Paulsen Attack
https://lichess.org/e0wk2knc,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/whayvm3s,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/zh1mry1o,,,Indian Game: East Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/68ane0cm,,,Budapest Defense: Adler Variation
https://lichess.org/romv74ee,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/1sx57opk,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Cambridge Springs Variation
https://lichess.org/dhkfnzch,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/8eczr2h7,,,French Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/h8z4b955,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/edbs9g23,,,English Defense
https://lichess.org/pkx8us7a,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/cfnwee4e,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/t7a8qgmj,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/lwrdpq47,,,Indian Game: London System
https://lichess.org/belhnpk2,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/461crpd7,,,Scotch Game: Classical Variation, Intermezzo Variation
https://lichess.org/dnf1pj1y,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/hehypw2w,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/ro7kqi0m,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/912irpww,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/j1hd9ir1,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/tm8321jn,,,Pirc Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/hvmuuy5p,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/2p51kaqk,,,French Defense: Reti-Spielmann Attack
https://lichess.org/fcmv2kty,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/uqxvlqxr,,,Indian Game: Wade-Tartakower Defense
https://lichess.org/m2342ond,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/ujllxcj6,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Fritz Variation
https://lichess.org/k8svxgm5,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/yfjymegy,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Capablanca
https://lichess.org/15em2tg9,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/ymumnqz1,,,King's Pawn Game: King's Head Opening #2
https://lichess.org/by00qlfb,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/8xw7mh6j,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/03w63att,,,Sicilian Defense: Wing Gambit
https://lichess.org/ny3apgqz,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit
https://lichess.org/gd0vs8gq,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Franco-Nimzowitsch Variation
https://lichess.org/qilbwf31,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/lc6zc0xq,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/kz2ij4x9,,,Dutch Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/bodgigt8,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/zfc7ujq8,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/6s7uykgl,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/yc86qaad,,,French Defense: Reti-Spielmann Attack
https://lichess.org/p2lwqkr6,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
https://lichess.org/kdti1clq,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/fopj1o0m,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/un1tq1rc,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/5tloan4h,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/u1pvjw20,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/xf09g07q,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
