https://lichess.org/plxjo61e,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/e01l0b9c,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/kb1wtrio,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/r7p3uxnd,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/a8ni7wxu,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/6a9s661d,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/z75l27hg,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/ajnlvgf9,,,English Opening: Great Snake Variation
https://lichess.org/47ha4t5h,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/wxxbiyaz,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/ugyefb91,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/k3lxk8iq,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/1c31pkrg,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/az4u19lf,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/uuwjrzeg,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/oz5ermb1,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/m5bn6s5k,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Fischer Defense
https://lichess.org/bvcbuwqm,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/vf5108ir,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/eltss5ld,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/6k3vq7po,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/g4cu4lbt,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/bbyjmghh,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/azlbs3ko,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/xmcemmdi,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/xmmhp2e9,,,Latvian Gambit Accepted, Main Line
https://lichess.org/6e0wq3n5,,,Franco-Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/aar8gygg,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/cnxrn1bf,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/fd1vcz5d,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/pmq9uwno,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/dc6qc6uq,,,King's Indian Attack: French Variation
https://lichess.org/qpzxei2e,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/xidzdxql,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/lwedlxl3,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Showalter Variation
https://lichess.org/8zvmnzwl,,,English Opening: Symmetrical Variation, Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/bu1jfcxc,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation
https://lichess.org/uvio80m3,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/ghdjcp6c,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/sro5l6bk,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/d9j72bpx,,,Italian Game: Schilling-Kostic Gambit
https://lichess.org/z6loz0n1,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense, Improved Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/3fzxs695,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/drj076fy,,,King's Pawn Game: Macleod Attack
https://lichess.org/8pbwo8gm,,,Dutch Defense: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/19nbw9jz,,,Sicilian Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/b32ueyec,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/c388u8zs,,,French Defense: Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/fe9jaji3,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/ixo8beau,,,Philidor Defense: Hanham Variation
https://lichess.org/xcc2dcc8,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/hqb6wwaz,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/mxef12qp,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation, Svenonius Variation
https://lichess.org/8idvzdoa,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/dlcms64e,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/d94nroye,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/ba4w8alv,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/089iq8qs,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/qtaeiu7s,,,Portuguese Opening
https://lichess.org/i9u06ww6,,,Latvian Gambit
https://lichess.org/2nhlwf2w,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/3xnuwf0r,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/8fp6bjws,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/3jajxczs,,,Hungarian Opening: Slav Formation
https://lichess.org/mztiaif5,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Ragozin Variation
https://lichess.org/v203z7tg,,,Russian Game: Damiano Variation, Kholmov Gambit
https://lichess.org/vzo058sn,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/lbn2rtni,,,Scotch Game: Steinitz Variation
https://lichess.org/ri290bbv,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/fn5sw9qr,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/7igv578h,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Noteboom Variation, Anti-Noteboom Gambit
https://lichess.org/z9ksvo1n,,,Dutch Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/fxq3cr3x,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/fcnsjjxc,,,Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/gm7t065h,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/tc9j6f3z,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/4rie8mrz,,,Indian Game: Budapest Defense
https://lichess.org/43v5wood,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Nimzowitsch System
https://lichess.org/sbu7mtez,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense #3
https://lichess.org/y1d72odf,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/bbpyc29k,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/obfd4kvk,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/agx4zy3l,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense #2
https://lichess.org/f74jjf2e,,,Indian Game: Budapest Defense
https://lichess.org/g5wzxjyd,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/lkh26z8p,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/607qtp28,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/xp0k3rw4,,,King's Pawn Game: Maroczy Defense
https://lichess.org/uextv7qj,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/wh4v82oe,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/bu14kpva,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/hspcdrim,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/co01om20,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
https://lichess.org/9dougx3i,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/fhc1q9ho,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation, Open
https://lichess.org/v17lqj1y,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/a6yot9lf,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Accelerated Move Order
https://lichess.org/kjj9rmk0,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/w53emqb8,,,Bird Opening: Williams Gambit
https://lichess.org/j33nlw7k,,,Sicilian Defense: Accelerated Dragon, Maroczy Bind
