https://lichess.org/vx3l3ggo,,,French Defense: Franco-Hiva Gambit I
https://lichess.org/xdgoz7r7,,,French Defense: Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/dhf91z09,,,Franco-Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/9ku9gilj,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Accelerated Move Order
https://lichess.org/wyk9zm9j,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/e9hy4umu,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
https://lichess.org/c42bu6m7,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/80jtb060,,,Dutch Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/jijtganh,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/v49nsbw9,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/snz9cwkp,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/4wqzgemz,,,Slav Defense: Modern Line
https://lichess.org/n727z9lm,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense #3
https://lichess.org/pyjmkwb3,,,Sicilian Defense: Kramnik Variation
https://lichess.org/611573hj,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/fx87co2m,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/tovf0ei4,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/rj0reupv,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/mlevr0jw,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation
https://lichess.org/aaiuz2u6,,,Indian Game: East Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/evno1q6y,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/atn516hn,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/8q74b0tv,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Reversed Closed Sicilian
https://lichess.org/hchvhhvh,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/0ldq02ot,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/kfamrd2c,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Knight Attack, Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/in7dh8c0,,,Dutch Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/q7523uf0,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/klalfb1m,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/j4tnppq3,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/tkibs2io,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/3bmd44is,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/ig3nib3w,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/hmija0v4,,,French Defense
https://lichess.org/hh6zbt85,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/ua92l1gs,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/lho00e2d,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/8hve053j,,,French Defense: Franco-Hiva Gambit II
https://lichess.org/z89janhy,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/sk3e6lvw,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Nimzowitsch Variation
https://lichess.org/6tekac6u,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/pqiebu4d,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/h4oh5rpn,,,Sicilian Defense: Katalimov Variation
https://lichess.org/3sard5kt,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/ju3d1nsz,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/adji0vh3,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/7t5491fi,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/ru6ws61j,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/1zhv49av,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/0w1cvhro,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/e5ip4fyf,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/wdko2d8q,,,Center Game
https://lichess.org/3hjti18r,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Two Knights Attack
https://lichess.org/yde8m10r,,,Sicilian Defense: Open
https://lichess.org/rod70hhz,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/2ae1d8br,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Schallopp Defense
https://lichess.org/4rk7kthx,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Showalter Variation
https://lichess.org/c9d07th9,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/tbyhtubt,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/5ugfasif,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/hyf2hixo,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/3yia48ow,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/vbly421q,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/g9sp5os2,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/6u0vmec7,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Modern, Knight Defense #2
https://lichess.org/aax4un7c,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/e8ol9go8,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/7hhuj32x,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen Variation
https://lichess.org/t0kaxlju,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/4tj185q8,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/38evdxjy,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/ws2xsa7b,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/pr8xxp1p,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/l1v1atdw,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/a7pt30fb,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/udn20gn8,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation
https://lichess.org/cgjm5iae,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/buadknhn,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/brovx6ao,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation, Linksspringer Variation
https://lichess.org/r0mbitp0,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/axtt5w09,,,Vienna Game #2
https://lichess.org/rdo2p8fb,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/tp83k7an,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/68kd41f1,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/kfs28jz9,,,Torre Attack
https://lichess.org/akqrdb1i,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/zf8rsiws,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/dxxcbc01,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/alrqpnfj,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/c03tdwfg,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/7rwf670k,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/cnk2xvm9,,,Dutch Defense: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/7pgzf7wo,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/snv7wkjl,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/y9vnd769,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/zng2psio,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/8oyt8p53,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/dyt7u2w4,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/gfqx2wpj,,,Benoni Defense: Old Benoni
https://lichess.org/vju9txqc,,,Duras Gambit
