https://lichess.org/7e7g716t,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/w0nou24v,,,Gunderam Defense
https://lichess.org/cznvijaj,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/zuzan4yw,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/z8zkwfcb,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/u4ah0vxb,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/b8mzqkwb,,,Scandinavian Defense: Blackburne Gambit
https://lichess.org/x13f9dod,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/z5xbgbx3,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/8sjoe3ci,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/y4uzwfvp,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/3wv701dz,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/euihgkfo,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/9f8drave,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/fcf4l52h,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/l75ll0eg,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/67lr8ekx,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/x1wb4hcn,,,Mikenas Defense
https://lichess.org/3lvk12u6,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/4ky9xv6t,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/39eqsb2c,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Indian Variation
https://lichess.org/0ldr9s8i,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/02b7hd3e,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/8mbx7gxp,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/prmxhdt5,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/c5qtep9q,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/ujlxu5kd,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Vienna Variation
https://lichess.org/xdqkcf41,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/rl28jvj5,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/78ylswcj,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/g5vbbbmf,,,Gedult's Opening
https://lichess.org/pdyacliv,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Baltic Defense
https://lichess.org/c0jlgh14,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/ia124khn,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/8jb4qmb6,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/2ktik6qc,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/t27bznr9,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/gwpu97zx,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/pmtn3k66,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/9gdlvxgy,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/uaxgnwuk,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/fiumvhn1,,,Three Knights Opening #2
https://lichess.org/bze8y6j7,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Schallopp Defense
https://lichess.org/jlb9d6s2,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/udpwfbzh,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Cunningham Defense
https://lichess.org/a972vq9y,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/c892askv,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/9yq32kvl,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/oxp50z7d,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Anglo-Slav Opening
https://lichess.org/x84gycp6,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/xvuwv65x,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/6nhc7l7i,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Neo-Orthodox Variation, Main Line
https://lichess.org/9ohy0b86,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/ngkebkzh,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/a7o0gonj,,,Gunderam Defense
https://lichess.org/ry1mqvwx,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/m8npxe5q,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/uiegwfk2,,,Pirc Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/5td7fijx,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/7g76xz9w,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/bukmpe06,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/l2rog07e,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/sqdwn51h,,,Semi-Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/sfac5s6d,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/wxdaz0eg,,,Gunderam Defense
https://lichess.org/nni9keqa,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/uvm2555a,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/v0ee82ma,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/kfzwfdko,,,Four Knights Game
https://lichess.org/hvk3v6jq,,,Indian Game: Anti-Nimzo-Indian
https://lichess.org/zbd5o69a,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/bvhy741w,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/eroiy5dd,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/zubsncog,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/3fq7rzb3,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/zhqsmkbf,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/vn1ducc0,,,Scotch Game: Goering Gambit, Main Line
https://lichess.org/q22763bx,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/6tqb77ql,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/lrlbfch6,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/fdcxzpxi,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/b8i1d842,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/tb2p3ftq,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/ocyrpxku,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation, Linksspringer Variation
https://lichess.org/dhywyo9t,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/oxus5n7a,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Ryder Gambit
https://lichess.org/e9kb31a2,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/i6yo7lz9,,,Russian Game: Damiano Variation
https://lichess.org/3pvw24ap,,,Semi-Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/i61h9jfj,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/10mt1s4p,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Pseudo-Spanish Variation
https://lichess.org/kngfxa4y,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/zbdudt1r,,,French Defense: Alekhine-Chatard Attack, Breyer Variation
https://lichess.org/lns1mcli,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/9nu0xet7,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Gedult Gambit
https://lichess.org/sgafxxap,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Panov Attack, Main Line
https://lichess.org/19icwjsv,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Accelerated Move Order
https://lichess.org/n5s8v5rd,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/bmoqsfby,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/b90s9e5p,,,Pirc Defense: Byrne Variation
