https://lichess.org/q4z2kq3k,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/gt0hxpe2,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation, Central Variation
https://lichess.org/qb7nvoen,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/txy5lgjb,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/bwsa1jwq,,,Sicilian Defense: Accelerated Dragon
https://lichess.org/nssjmlq6,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Mikenas Variation
https://lichess.org/oql2t8e7,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/iyt7g12r,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/q50jnzgi,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/7ar22ihe,,,Franco-Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/wwtqmtl9,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Classical Variation, Berlin Variation
https://lichess.org/hxzyip7s,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/paglxt68,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/t44o06bd,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/a4vklepg,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Anderssen Variation
https://lichess.org/05s6wat9,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/9zp3jfmz,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/a54nkdui,,,Vienna Game: Vienna Gambit
https://lichess.org/oep74xu6,,,Danish Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/z7k81orq,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/zp28ighs,,,Four Knights Game: Spanish Variation
https://lichess.org/zvcyq2by,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation #2
https://lichess.org/edtyjq7u,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/17tqksof,,,French Defense: Queen's Knight
https://lichess.org/klkd7bwr,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/drir3zr6,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/akda2p7y,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/sxiq9fb2,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/3v6p3q73,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/w1zmyeor,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/buyyhuhx,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/b90dljy2,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/v50fwxrb,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/j3yx0nlk,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Veresov Attack, Shaviliuk Gambit
https://lichess.org/pz9smufc,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/vvcwapls,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/mi0nbvy4,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/e38y3155,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/jagi5z4o,,,Scotch Game: Scotch Gambit
https://lichess.org/2ekjo1q5,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/jnuzgza0,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/vbo50h3v,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/pl91aga0,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/5ob4ul0r,,,Sicilian Defense: Open
https://lichess.org/i8mhbhpn,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/aspvpawg,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/cx3jud7q,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/pb3q8zmx,,,Scandinavian Defense: Marshall Variation
https://lichess.org/ig0ynrtj,,,Indian Game: East Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/g61743kq,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/yam8bk2q,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/5le9c6h6,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/awiomxfd,,,Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/1mpxggh6,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense #2
https://lichess.org/3mq6h78v,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/4krte8nj,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/1btzauzz,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/8vonfs80,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/oxzbv1ro,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/t69332ie,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/ojtzy96z,,,Latvian Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/7xlay228,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/ym48liby,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/66un54qc,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/j6gn1jho,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/f62o4s3k,,,St. George Defense: Woodchuck Variation
https://lichess.org/jzo2uv6f,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/dsmgr2w5,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Cunningham Defense
https://lichess.org/fxcrocff,,,Sicilian Defense: Katalimov Variation
https://lichess.org/60m461kt,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/ay2vmbzn,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/c6krip7u,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/m8vhls0h,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/06ngv3dq,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/752o8xfo,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/ln2o7en5,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Schallopp Defense
https://lichess.org/as6jszsi,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/mken2wmg,,,Bishop's Opening: Khan Gambit
https://lichess.org/l4y36now,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/ggyhjybg,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/9pw4c6yj,,,Rat Defense: English Rat
https://lichess.org/kcxdxbkd,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/z2ho0wle,,,King's Gambit, Falkbeer Countergambit, Staunton Line
https://lichess.org/yves7vg1,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/12cmypq7,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/vdkqav0n,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Caro Variation
https://lichess.org/tsmy9s4g,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/rzvjw7pg,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/5smh4bac,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/r2mdfg60,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Pietrowsky Defense
https://lichess.org/3b0tatf0,,,Four Knights Game: Spanish Variation, Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/notfekys,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/3ba90owy,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/equv37d6,,,Danish Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/yanrmht6,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/wzt7h4c0,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Baltic Defense
https://lichess.org/nu5zoz47,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/l4baann7,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/zqng1yho,,,King's Indian Defense: Zinnowitz Variation
https://lichess.org/28kp4j2p,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
