https://lichess.org/n9d51t6z,,,King's Pawn Game: Maroczy Defense
https://lichess.org/y7znmkbo,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/tayge3ni,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/wog5ya5g,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Albin Countergambit
https://lichess.org/4cp8hqrg,,,King's Pawn Game: King's Head Opening #2
https://lichess.org/n816nfmp,,,Sicilian Defense: Kalashnikov Variation
https://lichess.org/20pqk1o1,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/gspmdhvx,,,Scotch Game: Scotch Gambit, Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/ed51jz2c,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Franco-Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/dyti6lex,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Accelerated Panov Attack
https://lichess.org/d79j68pp,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/a9g6ga7q,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Teichmann Variation
https://lichess.org/pgtrpu5m,,,Philidor Defense: Morphy Gambit
https://lichess.org/ob38yjfc,,,Four Knights Game: Gunsberg Variation
https://lichess.org/3drceuqr,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/rxbyun6n,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/858i1hgq,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ebuxfqu7,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Anti-Torre
https://lichess.org/60fa7swp,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/iuqbjlp6,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/upos4u43,,,French Defense: Reti-Spielmann Attack
https://lichess.org/4l0bj9r3,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/dolcge23,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/1yvjk9d5,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/uz90kdlo,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/7f3witu4,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Teichmann Variation
https://lichess.org/x6pijmlp,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Ragozin Variation
https://lichess.org/psuh44r1,,,Modern Defense: Three Pawns Attack
https://lichess.org/hf2nzofi,,,French Defense: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/8khnthtd,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/mb2a6zbg,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/dzrxligu,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/za7v0mkh,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/gs3rg1qq,,,Slav Defense: Steiner Variation
https://lichess.org/anozjbi4,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/bxhfg975,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/czlkwmkr,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Caro Variation
https://lichess.org/s9wubjnp,,,Vienna Game: Vienna Gambit
https://lichess.org/renbqits,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/m80ou7qg,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/4g7zbo7n,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/93x8nvtt,,,Gruenfeld Defense
https://lichess.org/bw5lfeap,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/r998fmz1,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/clynyiuu,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/hl3extph,,,King's Pawn Game: Macleod Attack
https://lichess.org/5n91w38l,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #2
https://lichess.org/qm3sqnwy,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/rnjqu3sr,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/sgtbknmk,,,King's Gambit Declined, Keene Defense
https://lichess.org/lnwo64jp,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/tst2a01x,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation, Linksspringer Variation
https://lichess.org/hr9upsq4,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/rrnyhh3l,,,Slav Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/zg189xm9,,,Colle System #2
https://lichess.org/x5s650p8,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/d8bx09yi,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/slzv15uy,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System, Gruenfeld Formation
https://lichess.org/7jc4vj3l,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/6wlnn8tq,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/zyib7l4t,,,Queen's Pawn Game: London System
https://lichess.org/7gwrcfhv,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/xiacbx7x,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/5awug8q2,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/86xbcrsm,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/50rphlwu,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/nnwdke9a,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/7mvh44pi,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/z66puar2,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/qr4nkxin,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/cewm4qou,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/o2zug7tx,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/zwpvvt8s,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/5214x9en,,,French Defense: Winawer Variation, Fingerslip Variation
https://lichess.org/zhlpbn4n,,,Zukertort Opening: Vos Gambit
https://lichess.org/dwlef87g,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/qw09laek,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/ywxkmp1q,,,Vienna Game: Mengarini Variation
https://lichess.org/q08fl1zg,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/ht0i5tsz,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/59hn9g1q,,,Colle System #2
https://lichess.org/jpndlov7,,,Zukertort Opening: Pirc Invitation
https://lichess.org/zryv1qoa,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/7ummkvh9,,,Bishop's Opening: Philidor Counterattack
https://lichess.org/esihhqxv,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/3x201szw,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/0jnjznac,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/1qauom5o,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/dh4f9v70,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/41plzzzh,,,King's Pawn Game: Macleod Attack
https://lichess.org/l7qmonvz,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/gx0u0nm9,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/awx8gc4t,,,King's Indian Defense: Makogonov Variation
https://lichess.org/0bgpinc4,,,Hungarian Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/vohngsmi,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/lf26ywum,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/amn4el61,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/7mgbsfeo,,,Scotch Game: Benima Defense
https://lichess.org/5stguffm,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/48i3g90y,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit
