https://lichess.org/cxisakat,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/b2t2gfjc,,,King's Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/jhvb7g0x,,,King's Pawn Game: Maroczy Defense
https://lichess.org/nlnbi7zd,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/g5x0p82j,,,Philidor Defense: Lion Variation, Lion's Claw I
https://lichess.org/9ctqgqte,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/hu7g4m1j,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/vt8oc06h,,,Ponziani Opening
https://lichess.org/wau3d7q2,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/0g6u3t90,,,Indian Game: Reversed Chigorin Defense
https://lichess.org/5tfzx8bq,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/j0g6hurm,,,Three Knights Opening #2
https://lichess.org/tfv08o82,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Neo-Arkhangelsk Variation
https://lichess.org/5r14bg0y,,,Ware Opening
https://lichess.org/tqiys7br,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/8794pozd,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/0bgmwihs,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/0pry2a82,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/o75t67ou,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense, Anderssen Variation
https://lichess.org/l1546q89,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/vxsetouc,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation, Central Variation
https://lichess.org/gfoo4pwp,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/m7230lat,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/s1pbz6nr,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/brrklwom,,,Slav Defense #3
https://lichess.org/xd39qngt,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/a9ie54vx,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/p9memciq,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
https://lichess.org/wodztrqj,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/oe3o0lb8,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/kca2krbh,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/ywzdu31u,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/1eiidnjs,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/481y9krz,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/rnm94mpd,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/7msf97bi,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/ldp4ye5q,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/4ktp8m38,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/y7bs7l9e,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/y5p1u83q,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/5eqa1dye,,,English Opening: Mikenas-Carls Variation #2
https://lichess.org/iwt5rihx,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/4bbq37vn,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/6awmiv3x,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/xy0vyjak,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/to3qokl7,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/mno44cov,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/zy0sxmvy,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/3u08iqnz,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System
https://lichess.org/2aau8bzi,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Caro Variation
https://lichess.org/nnedk7j7,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/11r25yr0,,,Four Knights Game
https://lichess.org/t9ctv3kz,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/mmuqbmv1,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/0zsag89v,,,King's Pawn Game: Dresden Opening
https://lichess.org/czniygr4,,,Italian Game: Evans Gambit, Harding Variation
https://lichess.org/8sa8u0ip,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/0wbsomi3,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/s1kocqkt,,,Ruy Lopez: Marshall Attack, Steiner Variation
https://lichess.org/ismhbql5,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/ug3uqzfl,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/4x7zlv1e,,,Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/kkopcs9j,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/j3ujwha1,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/qpia5m6f,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/qdz3ts1d,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/jbsi4ipd,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/byyzayn0,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/2tygc0ex,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/tukvzoaq,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/2x4w3i64,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/wrj4rx11,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/akoddu05,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/1moll3bt,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/0du21ufw,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/ivh4bh5o,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/z1ziiqwc,,,King's Gambit Accepted: Modern Defense #2
https://lichess.org/qr6x064p,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/rufhx9z8,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/qcqamr43,,,King's Indian Defense: Accelerated Averbakh Variation
https://lichess.org/fimchwh1,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/rd9pw70j,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/fzpyojf8,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/mvjgmo18,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/uswwoseu,,,King's Pawn Game: Beyer Gambit
https://lichess.org/gy15e487,,,French Defense: Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/jv0svoey,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/m0y5lt8z,,,Russian Game: Cozio (Lasker) Attack
https://lichess.org/ng9yq5sk,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/wkfm69ob,,,Four Knights Game
https://lichess.org/z8v9zytx,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Ponziani-Steinitz Gambit
https://lichess.org/d523x10q,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack, Kiddie Countergambit
https://lichess.org/4x51akz6,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/1dxfryut,,,Ware Opening
https://lichess.org/ptamj1rg,,,Indian Game: Wade-Tartakower Defense
https://lichess.org/ge1kocjr,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Reversed Sicilian
https://lichess.org/dsdx6slz,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/noak7tqa,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/0rovvlmt,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Modern Variation
https://lichess.org/0apt9iat,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
