https://lichess.org/kbcfyzad,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/shm0sn1o,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/9hixansk,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/tjy0563k,,,King's Gambit Declined, Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/c6p3a1t0,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/h8znd2cr,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/62bqc0wf,,,Trompowsky Attack: Classical Defense, Big Center Variation
https://lichess.org/kzfw8ujx,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/tfyfwsmt,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/8dsvlmxl,,,Italian Game: Hungarian Defense
https://lichess.org/o44m4ihk,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/zw31sxg4,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/ec7yajtf,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/q7w160p0,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/najvetwh,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/ne3hn2ut,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/bdgjuebh,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/if3crh3n,,,Queen's Gambit
https://lichess.org/lr3qvtxf,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/cby2xlin,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/o2h7jzxx,,,Semi-Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/8qjveqqe,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/94rxo2fg,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/mgzprw6r,,,Vienna Game: Zhuravlev Countergambit #2
https://lichess.org/a8zq9ed4,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/nwx1frap,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/khoan549,,,Colle System: Traditional Colle
https://lichess.org/ap6il7nl,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/1np7k5qa,,,Old Benoni Defense #2
https://lichess.org/4tpbj49v,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/7o2rwcir,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/ai2ifpxu,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/s5sogpd9,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/qhc5qbtu,,,Semi-Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/j8rr92c9,,,Scotch Game: Scotch Gambit
https://lichess.org/xewzv4jb,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/5kom85cn,,,Indian Game: Pawn Push Variation
https://lichess.org/lajh7ru3,,,Reti Opening: Reti Accepted
https://lichess.org/bevne99c,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/lgr2vedp,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Torre Attack
https://lichess.org/rtytqpq8,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/6qv5aw1d,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/87ezli76,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/wb9pee7f,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/t1g4vjsx,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/svhl7jpi,,,Van Geet Opening
https://lichess.org/xgtllunj,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/hf1g6rrk,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation, Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/zmp7ytar,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/6mba3kpp,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/9rytp06b,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/q40x7rgn,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/otnkh37h,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/3lvdcy1q,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Ragozin Variation
https://lichess.org/xe6frr76,,,Indian Game: Omega Gambit
https://lichess.org/byqfyeaq,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/qjxmfgv8,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/8g34mrct,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/dvp6toer,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/r68l406o,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/8vkl08aj,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/tsxdd0rc,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/fcjbz48i,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/xswqbixn,,,King's Gambit Accepted: Modern Defense #2
https://lichess.org/6ff7pb5z,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Fischer Defense
https://lichess.org/4uuxrtey,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/1ma87hpm,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/kpkh1wjr,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/jcg72ij0,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/39zac037,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/rrcrc5zc,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/ob1pffxx,,,Queen's Indian Accelerated
https://lichess.org/aoh1enhh,,,Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/lwg91hef,,,Semi-Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/a2k33vbl,,,Scotch Game #3
https://lichess.org/qmvletgu,,,King's Pawn Game: Pachman Wing Gambit
https://lichess.org/s7zgh6xg,,,King's Gambit Declined, Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/rwemuk1s,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/ndlz1l32,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/gbfy1fo2,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/z3tnqm7o,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/x1xd2te2,,,Zukertort Opening: Pirc Invitation
https://lichess.org/c4lua4qk,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/1t70mfqt,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/snd90z73,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/2i08qjix,,,Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/2vx2xxj7,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/00hueiqw,,,Sicilian Defense: Loewenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/hhm2qslt,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/oxjru722,,,Vienna Game: Stanley Variation
https://lichess.org/gs80c5rt,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/kys97v1n,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/v1at4enw,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/fvlgmsfa,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/xejcamzb,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/528biju3,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/ea30kg6p,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/cmvizeti,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/wtyfxxo5,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Rosentreter Gambit
https://lichess.org/tu9v4le7,,,Queen's Pawn
