https://lichess.org/8z96tl5r,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/xsj6ilxf,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/4k6o248x,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/a4c1d2id,,,Italian Game: Schilling-Kostic Gambit
https://lichess.org/nz7lti0z,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/ci0vzskw,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/px3mp7nd,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/fk6dqmq4,,,Polish Defense
https://lichess.org/vsay32xc,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Cunningham Defense
https://lichess.org/wlq9i3s7,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Meran Variation, Wade Variation
https://lichess.org/2m9w55qn,,,Vienna Game
https://lichess.org/cmgx078j,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/wj68bx9c,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/xprf69hq,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/csxct2sf,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/36sg0mw6,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/xtlpuf6t,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/z8zrxw47,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #4
https://lichess.org/ik5u8qc6,,,Semi-Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/qxp9sfde,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense, Modern Gambit
https://lichess.org/bn9vsefi,,,Dutch Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/j9u76uas,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/hgy6wj80,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/qzgu06ae,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/kms0db0r,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/9woqd2d9,,,Slav Defense: Quiet Variation, Schallopp Defense
https://lichess.org/nyo43c9m,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/lggzqhes,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/0hfz0mhs,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/uqzp0upg,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/d2ivob8s,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/7j5gbyyu,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/czjynj7a,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/ze8474t0,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/8uwxjj1b,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/vm2gm5iu,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/q5m3j3fq,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/u3p03ooj,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/9zfqi6cy,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/c11ymmz0,,,Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/lw6rvnh8,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Meran Variation, Wade Variation
https://lichess.org/ly8hrvhm,,,Petrov: Modern Attack
https://lichess.org/iw9a53lw,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/4620g9ak,,,Benoni Defense: Old Benoni
https://lichess.org/b25urbn1,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/1mynqodh,,,Zukertort Opening: Queenside Fianchetto Variation
https://lichess.org/5xr0ea4s,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/ntedd3uc,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/i9zs3m2g,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/flga03gb,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/wabesyoj,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/frgkhr9w,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/lr5a91wl,,,Center Game: Kieseritzky Variation #2
https://lichess.org/51lezk49,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/cmwyfasr,,,Mexican Defense
https://lichess.org/oozzqls6,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/crrir8js,,,Van Geet Opening
https://lichess.org/8lwxsmn5,,,Zukertort Opening: Black Mustang Defense
https://lichess.org/75tlcu39,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/i4rprrv1,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Scandinavian Variation, Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/u5z2jloc,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
https://lichess.org/csb1hocl,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/kei51u83,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/nat3jf0b,,,Zukertort Opening: Queenside Fianchetto Variation
https://lichess.org/ci7mi710,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/sxcedxog,,,Rat Defense: English Rat
https://lichess.org/jhm0xph8,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/zad8dbox,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Romanishin Variation #2
https://lichess.org/esta72fh,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/r5af6ril,,,Zukertort Opening: Queenside Fianchetto Variation
https://lichess.org/2acg7q08,,,Zukertort Opening: Queenside Fianchetto Variation
https://lichess.org/sfdm4i54,,,King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/i08azk45,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/yt7bo0dd,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/xdybpa4z,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/us21vo9q,,,Trompowsky Attack
https://lichess.org/35p5vkuw,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/n8kedm0f,,,Gedult's Opening
https://lichess.org/ag9pm24l,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/rpngjgfl,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/gn47uhwq,,,Sicilian Defense: Marshall Counterattack
https://lichess.org/rrwp2zwa,,,King's Indian Defense: Smyslov Variation
https://lichess.org/mcl1n03k,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/087i6s8z,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/bu2uy1s0,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/wvgf7rlb,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/fqzn4wjx,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/krk71clv,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/dpq1f1a1,,,Sicilian Defense: Marshall Counterattack
https://lichess.org/k0nj9en1,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/0egmjhil,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/i0ktijp4,,,Gedult's Opening
https://lichess.org/5k133gf0,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Cambridge Springs Variation
https://lichess.org/nwhc1vlh,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/trg8w6ft,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/16adfkc6,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/nw2fmmea,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/v28clrp3,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/zuf5uejs,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/azwopcat,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
