https://lichess.org/lw3l1fsp,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Accelerated Move Order
https://lichess.org/85k789s0,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/hdkqxz4q,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/pw0ttpx2,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Schallopp Defense
https://lichess.org/yvwri9vp,,,Sicilian Defense: Accelerated Dragon, Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/omikpbzp,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #3
https://lichess.org/vex10wk5,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/mll4c95e,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/rae797nn,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/wgfs1cwe,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/45xpar6h,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/5gnxy56o,,,Semi-Bononi
https://lichess.org/j611wtom,,,Slav Defense #3
https://lichess.org/qtj7uxb6,,,Nimzowitsch Defense, Declined Variation
https://lichess.org/mhe1unca,,,English Opening: Caro-Kann Defensive System
https://lichess.org/32dvy5gj,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/oe5qxl1j,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/ex1ut9v8,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/6so5iifs,,,Danish Gambit Accepted, Classical Defense
https://lichess.org/w8skolss,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/62v60kc2,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Schallopp Defense
https://lichess.org/xlhffze2,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Accelerated Move Order
https://lichess.org/a1k3m2c0,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Showalter Variation
https://lichess.org/il6osez0,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/j7i4aj8w,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/0zhubbsj,,,King's Gambit Declined, Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/qge3kh7f,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/lxnota7u,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/xv4i1ns8,,,Dutch Defense: Stonewall Variation
https://lichess.org/duw3vi1k,,,English Opening: Caro-Kann Defensive System
https://lichess.org/prtfifg3,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/etnv65hq,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/uv3opix4,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/mwvmaq5t,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/udx2dw4h,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/04wu78ia,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Cunningham Defense
https://lichess.org/p88gz2ln,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/1aasr4y6,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/m4altb6h,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/myz6ccox,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation, Short Variation
https://lichess.org/lryvkgo1,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/qws9buav,,,French Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/4zhzps4e,,,French Defense: Tarrasch Variation
https://lichess.org/b9xfqo8t,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/rn6dfa57,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/el4q7aah,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/9o03bsb4,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/0q1xt0wc,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/937wwgtn,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/p5yzym5o,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Schallopp Defense
https://lichess.org/kgixq2zb,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/0x8prc7c,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/znzahhjx,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/sxyvwz88,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/a4vs5hcy,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Accelerated Move Order
https://lichess.org/fg2k3o3n,,,Vienna Game: Stanley Variation
https://lichess.org/muvstg1f,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/44ktwk3m,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Cunningham Defense
https://lichess.org/ejv60eec,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen Variation
https://lichess.org/g2k4t8kq,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/rza8iua5,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/4t71titr,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/960cnnvr,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/jml9pk9m,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/84zpryym,,,Kangaroo Defense: Keres Defense, Transpositional Variation
https://lichess.org/vdt7h0k6,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/xe6gpj20,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/d5dg2vho,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/i3lib630,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/fum1scki,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/v3glsed0,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Cunningham Defense
https://lichess.org/ffpsgcqn,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Neo-Arkhangelsk Variation
https://lichess.org/j1vlnp19,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Caro Variation
https://lichess.org/chh1m01m,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/eqw3vagn,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/w1fseq5n,,,Russian Game: French Attack
https://lichess.org/kcebdbye,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/7qevxndm,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/ci9rha01,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/cyn42oxn,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Franco-Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/cfbquxvd,,,King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/pviixqpp,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/rzy00ic6,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/8jj3nx0g,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/ravvthaj,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/fhs7btgf,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/n9ljv9ub,,,Sicilian Defense: Wing Gambit
https://lichess.org/evcv9xzy,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/ah3j8sdc,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/4wtbb2kk,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/r9sbvefj,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/5n7mmq12,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/k0bs2tj8,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/kqfinhvs,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/inszw59b,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/o490jcae,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/v1jonjsd,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/elotzemf,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Cunningham Defense
https://lichess.org/zch9emxr,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/niz0ky63,,,Sicilian Defense
