https://lichess.org/8o96cuov,,,Slav Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/jpebxed6,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/nzwcptzr,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/b0enoz18,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/ywwcnukc,,,Indian Game: Anti-Nimzo-Indian
https://lichess.org/xsh60ml3,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/in0zipy8,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/qelwetsu,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/5z4tcd05,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/suw6p2uu,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/bpg4kb4n,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/lpt9gsjx,,,Sicilian Defense: Wing Gambit
https://lichess.org/pl98y4u8,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/473wrcp5,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/hvimahmv,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/ef6qbn7y,,,Center Game
https://lichess.org/3qwzqk85,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/dwutx626,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/l6jdpu2x,,,Benoni Defense: Modern Variation
https://lichess.org/3yb8saop,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/b9cl0wic,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/h81v7ejk,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation, Short Variation
https://lichess.org/nd8daozm,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/033qlrdr,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/c7iip7as,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Cunningham Defense
https://lichess.org/83qnsw5p,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/qzur0aig,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense, Janowski Variation
https://lichess.org/e2ouq0ay,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/um8r7at4,,,Petrov's Defense
https://lichess.org/t8ljdi39,,,Sicilian Defense: Open
https://lichess.org/hwqdsygg,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/kvvajmwu,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/8t389vae,,,Englund Gambit Complex: Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/1x7g6a9t,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/no1uyfyd,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/hqpvx1jg,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/bisa91l8,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Gedult Gambit
https://lichess.org/msfcs7vf,,,Danish Gambit Accepted, Classical Defense
https://lichess.org/9kn0hqyo,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/2kawgxvi,,,Barnes Opening: Walkerling
https://lichess.org/dchfsf41,,,Dutch Defense: Raphael Variation
https://lichess.org/sl3chede,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/u6ri4k2a,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/863x08bz,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/nkv6v9gb,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/urghse9y,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/xuqrkbwd,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/zvhrwml0,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/aixpcyvr,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/e4heruy7,,,King's Indian Defense: Normal Variation, Rare Defenses
https://lichess.org/uiryiyln,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/tg74iw7k,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense
https://lichess.org/b70538ca,,,Vienna Game: Stanley Variation
https://lichess.org/0dsoori3,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/hvwcv5lj,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/6x4w0dkw,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/s0qqa38e,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/sb1rtq0e,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/vtmhozt6,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/sh1kld3t,,,Scandinavian Defense: Kloosterboer Gambit
https://lichess.org/dq3zlvwd,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/0a312beg,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/1eb0iukz,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/gznjcd4b,,,King's Indian Attack: French Variation
https://lichess.org/cc1ifl7e,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/y208afyu,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/jpdshy0a,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/c77o0ayh,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Accelerated Move Order
https://lichess.org/tz3v9jmm,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/qtuldhu4,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation, Albin Gambit
https://lichess.org/denjrchh,,,Englund Gambit Complex: Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/4891zhp9,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/s18th1fu,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/aaf7mjno,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/vpo0tl0v,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/qxiq4ce0,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/hmqnau2e,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/86oidktw,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/t8kul538,,,Modern Defense: Bishop Attack
https://lichess.org/bgvbe6rd,,,Ponziani Opening
https://lichess.org/np7yexra,,,Polish Defense
https://lichess.org/frd43vg8,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/lokzvlln,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/bk6fjvde,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/dotb7f8v,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/xjk0klhk,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/s4jsqody,,,Three Knights Opening: Schlechter Variation
https://lichess.org/ui7v13do,,,Queen's Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/qjhyi23z,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/01m66v1v,,,Vienna Game
https://lichess.org/0uyp5rcx,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/v1mjjn9o,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/q4xn2bkx,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/nrykpg0k,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/6bidj14x,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/7u5vrm95,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/p9f1j6na,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/bkycvtkn,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/idg6wxi5,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/qwwuugyc,,,Modern Defense: Two Knights Variation, Suttles Variation
