https://lichess.org/cukcafi1,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/d242fb5x,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/0ojscy4z,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/m64rbgny,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/39fd52xk,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/he4trsv0,,,French Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/9nf5wfz6,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/te1nmq01,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/jjo5rnxt,,,Vienna Game: Stanley Variation, Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/6o0bg1bl,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/xie2rv5w,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/g2gofmm9,,,Bird Opening: Williams Gambit
https://lichess.org/ua67swr4,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/cxnb9mk8,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/yp4108op,,,Rat Defense: Harmonist
https://lichess.org/b82qww6g,,,Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/3nlqftqz,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/bsm1czlb,,,French Defense: Mediterranean Defense
https://lichess.org/9ztl11rm,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/oyv8o9we,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/xdz2ystz,,,Philidor Defense: Hanham Variation
https://lichess.org/nmnsiuzh,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/nvgbm2nc,,,Slav Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/pz9ekpj2,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed Alekhine
https://lichess.org/sspruewh,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/etbeajeb,,,Ponziani Opening
https://lichess.org/a4ka9e9a,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/dxdbg9ci,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/c3hzxyen,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Rasa-Studier Gambit
https://lichess.org/36w4bk2o,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/jlclmi1u,,,Dutch Defense: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/nm46sl8x,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/8j1myz87,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/trrzpc1r,,,Philidor Defense: Lion Variation
https://lichess.org/v425x5vm,,,Semi-Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/epqeiem3,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/ahd5v8dl,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/9wflp8l8,,,Scotch Game: Schmidt Variation
https://lichess.org/qgxibz1r,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/85hstnsd,,,Gruenfeld Defense: Three Knights Variation, Petrosian System
https://lichess.org/jijkqmuo,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/jwdsqwwu,,,Grob Opening
https://lichess.org/fxtbb0fk,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation
https://lichess.org/j797i3of,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/9iut9qh1,,,Queen's Gambit
https://lichess.org/z1yxpazi,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/roys8li0,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/x6f110nu,,,Ponziani Opening: Jaenisch Counterattack
https://lichess.org/14jn2hxm,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/7wjil84h,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/j16gzlnt,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/phs090v0,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense, Main Line
https://lichess.org/8nj3ad4z,,,Rat Defense: Harmonist
https://lichess.org/6eb7zqn2,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/xfrzime8,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/y3wfr7fo,,,Colle System: Traditional Colle
https://lichess.org/28yjwez3,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/knbnwhc6,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/tj1fyojq,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/aaf72qbe,,,Sicilian Defense: Buecker Variation
https://lichess.org/dag9f4vc,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/md70jmay,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/vr8pdurs,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ch4c0gzf,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/19tdq7ft,,,Gunderam Defense
https://lichess.org/tw6g4ckm,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/acosx1ts,,,Ponziani Opening: Jaenisch Counterattack
https://lichess.org/65yavnnr,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/q4dctdvd,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/f9o60z9n,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/47woxh1x,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/ua05whku,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/72ewi6fk,,,Alekhine Defense: Scandinavian Variation
https://lichess.org/h0j6bfzv,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #3
https://lichess.org/6qh5ynjj,,,Bishop's Opening: Philidor Variation
https://lichess.org/oxewjzen,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/z9xjqecj,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/vz141aru,,,Queen's Pawn Game: London System
https://lichess.org/obf7ndiy,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/jcc2tejl,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/c9jqux1o,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/gzf7wa9j,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/54b2pblx,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/koqb4k2k,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/xr4licqk,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #4
https://lichess.org/qep7i6p3,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/bqfwcgzk,,,Dutch Defense: Nimzo-Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/rih2hxvu,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/sasbi1b9,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/e1ox003t,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: French Connection
https://lichess.org/vb6e8kqm,,,English Opening: Symmetrical Variation, Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/v6srn0bh,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/ah7skcz6,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/mduqyzth,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Accelerated Mannheim Variation
https://lichess.org/6ub687nx,,,Gunderam Defense
https://lichess.org/u4jxokm0,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/k7jg6vc2,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/tfaqj1oq,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/cbokbz1i,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/mrnno4e1,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
