https://lichess.org/wle5bnw7,,,Rat Defense: Harmonist
https://lichess.org/lcyflm2a,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/1u9vskb6,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/ztf2i67m,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/5axezqra,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/aw6miev5,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/vae0yi38,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/kynxw74f,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/akxqi62j,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/103qm52m,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation, Lutikov Variation
https://lichess.org/dqk11o3k,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/3wwnt5q2,,,Reti Opening: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/dw8ggcsh,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/snouclmr,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Fischer Defense
https://lichess.org/p3udlqb4,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/msn9v87y,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/ys9wvveg,,,Czech Defense
https://lichess.org/l28hx7zy,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/s9qfdkcv,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/91ta8szv,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/1kp7kt4r,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/ckjxr7i3,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/kroznlc5,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/m990p7qb,,,Indian Game: West Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/i47mixaj,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/wumcneut,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/nfti3va6,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Breyer Variation
https://lichess.org/onszxxt7,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation, Botvinnik-Carls Defense
https://lichess.org/2nwxupc0,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/fl15bodc,,,Zukertort Opening: Queenside Fianchetto Variation
https://lichess.org/z9ai0bti,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/qojazzj4,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/5e758iwd,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/wis27p6k,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/7w2sz483,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/xy8n0sel,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Steinitz Deferred
https://lichess.org/xr3211ws,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/bgjvk6fr,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/3xnc7o22,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/ufzo3r15,,,French Defense: Queen's Knight
https://lichess.org/q9xkqxh0,,,Budapest Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/57xijkrn,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/sm4gfvka,,,Ruy Lopez: Bird Variation
https://lichess.org/d2gzbrc5,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/8jng13o7,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/nshjhssl,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/we47oj2w,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Albin Countergambit
https://lichess.org/hwmcyrec,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/tjplul9m,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Veresov Attack, Alburt Defense
https://lichess.org/fvcsfb98,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/03tf0cuh,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/fqthxg37,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense #2
https://lichess.org/tdgl9gg1,,,Reti Opening #2
https://lichess.org/0dmf22on,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/ycf4em40,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation, Botvinnik-Carls Defense
https://lichess.org/s4jvup52,,,Scotch Game: Scotch Gambit
https://lichess.org/5lr39aro,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Fischer Defense
https://lichess.org/tjqx0zwp,,,Zukertort Opening: Black Mustang Defense
https://lichess.org/xach24c8,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/6szseiwh,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation
https://lichess.org/3et81wco,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/9aarc4bt,,,Semi-Bononi
https://lichess.org/7ys0ooip,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/v0j98qvw,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Vienna Variation
https://lichess.org/1s6hqguk,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense, Anderssen Variation
https://lichess.org/1lid018s,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Traditional Variation
https://lichess.org/wa61lmfh,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/fziuxraz,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/ollcfszk,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/8r657sgx,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/5eknbj40,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/537z75h0,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/ppo3fivo,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/2wn3c6ry,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/0ebi7u5d,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/gfau8est,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/sfma953r,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System, Anti-Colle
https://lichess.org/cm7d2yl5,,,Italian Game: Jerome Gambit
https://lichess.org/6konxsv5,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/za8lj1zj,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Fischer Defense
https://lichess.org/nfrunp54,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation, Linksspringer Variation
https://lichess.org/4cjyggjo,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/rgxi73mh,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/2m24srfy,,,King's Indian Attack: Symmetrical Defense
https://lichess.org/zbajw4uz,,,French Defense: Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/e63nvg14,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/aolnaop1,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/h72em3w2,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/l5p5uiqv,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/hozd02xx,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/kv39wdv4,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/ppe27x9k,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/3rnwdg6f,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/yc7xsbrv,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/1zn4i6bf,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/3nwzpqy5,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ibbkaj3g,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/uguizyyx,,,Russian Game: Cozio (Lasker) Attack
https://lichess.org/5j2n4hiu,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/1tnfpgs8,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Italian Four Knights Variation
