https://lichess.org/m4fb7pej,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/jcp9qa6a,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/xstd3nl1,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/c6yj8wix,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/jurek7fa,,,Center Game: Kieseritzky Variation #4
https://lichess.org/ms0z03xp,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/hngff7r6,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/ffss963o,,,Indian Game: West Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/xnzc8714,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/34dsive8,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/swgwwwce,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/d2mwyhx6,,,Sicilian Defense: Delayed Alapin
https://lichess.org/h4a0ui24,,,Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/f9tfivnj,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/1btua7vv,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/cntbes3h,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/5jw8ecpf,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/ylcsojce,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/jxq2oaze,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/dgqsrvsw,,,King's Pawn Game: Maroczy Defense
https://lichess.org/b2mk8qnt,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/89drrqn2,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/ewhj8nal,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/b4p532p1,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/ybxrd1kn,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/r0yh82s8,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/g2aglwqd,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/z3p8cidr,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/24u7h7ea,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/udl3efuz,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/cmeuvakt,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/jf8t5a7n,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/7gv3ilpm,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/i8s9x81l,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/lym846pa,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/xdonuf5t,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/bcicc3mu,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/e65y7hs9,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/ikdj6mxd,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/re1vferc,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/0t313du0,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/w8njh9mn,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/rwkyzvcn,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/o13eqdsa,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/5xildpkj,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Cunningham Defense
https://lichess.org/i6kbfm2u,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/8v3ijl1q,,,Pirc Defense
https://lichess.org/35bvxkx3,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/r4f668m5,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/24yg7m2o,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/jhy8enme,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/tb7ptu80,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/nmcqlcvb,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/0dzlq6vr,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/9huhkzhg,,,Sicilian Defense: Loewenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/td5stcmi,,,Sicilian Defense: Open
https://lichess.org/nzn3au7q,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/aofoug39,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/jfdq5m7s,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/dtybqv2h,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/bur8gnl0,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/j8nt4nbf,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/voxlphgs,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/jlgzr38w,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/na9atqtq,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/4loxcv9n,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/hdocxc2d,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/igthetgx,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/v70daf9s,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/ohu7ltp4,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/ettrh2ut,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/d9y8npke,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/qweux2s0,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Paulsen Attack
https://lichess.org/m7zg5pqq,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ky52nkom,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Deferred Variation
https://lichess.org/89h0scgv,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/850fnqhg,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/jhk78m18,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/tggfhcs2,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/ylrh5vsa,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/zvi0sba5,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/m1ac437c,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/kpfxqdgi,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/6vlif39o,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/5jhxyeaj,,,Hungarian Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/aikk7caa,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/9q41agl2,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/j4mc24kr,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/ajkz2i63,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/by7unlxc,,,Modern Defense: Three Pawns Attack
https://lichess.org/tzab3y5e,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Modern Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/jbmf3doa,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/smo1czuy,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/iqruydyw,,,Hungarian Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/q50pzfa2,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/0d4kwktj,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/hls3nyj1,,,Vienna Game: Zhuravlev Countergambit #2
https://lichess.org/85s9yzec,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Ragozin Variation
https://lichess.org/4xon6bko,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/uqa1fee2,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
