https://lichess.org/k4e2oftu,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/00z9j7v1,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/znmddf53,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/sskdsrr5,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/idm55cqm,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/f4w25cgu,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/4ka3gnjv,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/of79utyd,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/tmr8s8vz,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/l7y3hytv,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/q9jo8c5v,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Cambridge Springs Defense: Capablanca Variation
https://lichess.org/hfs42i97,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/6zbbp1xs,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Caro Variation
https://lichess.org/n3itixjz,,,Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/z809205y,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Normal Defense
https://lichess.org/11d19sio,,,Pirc Defense
https://lichess.org/pojma9u8,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/ej6yc110,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/nfqerrlt,,,French Defense: Perseus Gambit
https://lichess.org/qi8aqcq7,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/0zdpz21h,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/h2yomzkn,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/awus2nqb,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/9wen18u1,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/fbqf9gbo,,,King's Indian Attack: French Variation
https://lichess.org/3tqw2uc7,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/2equl6ar,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/v7z7v0pb,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/d7d0mf0a,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/gnvx60ec,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/an7cagom,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/nr8woeif,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/vycvxenk,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/7utfn9ig,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Normal Defense
https://lichess.org/msi56y7u,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation, Gligoric Variation
https://lichess.org/nzfnp8na,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/cbvreyfu,,,Sicilian Defense: Quinteros Variation
https://lichess.org/r0g8oby8,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/g4mq10nd,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/go5v9e1x,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/rd5pid4k,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Main Line
https://lichess.org/7vifpuuy,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Rosenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/ee47si9p,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Modern Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/d6i24uk4,,,Gruenfeld Defense: Three Knights Variation #2
https://lichess.org/aalzqrc5,,,Gedult's Opening
https://lichess.org/2zq5d37i,,,Old Indian Defense: Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/d1vmwdxz,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/5gq65aer,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/3pdsuyu5,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/8pm7u1m2,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/msp45f3q,,,Center Game: Paulsen Attack Variation
https://lichess.org/d9p0vgyg,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/eirwlepe,,,Scotch Game: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/oeod88ri,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Normal Defense
https://lichess.org/1x7q8qqd,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/irlkl60h,,,Budapest Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/devq2i8f,,,Bird Opening: Horsefly Defense
https://lichess.org/5oy35uyg,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/085kuuvr,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/8tn8syjq,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/v062cwv4,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/syqk9zav,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/tbfw68em,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/ptjghxe3,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/73fl1h5v,,,Sicilian Defense: Lasker-Dunne Attack
https://lichess.org/yfo6lipr,,,Reti Opening
https://lichess.org/l22tmlns,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/e2noe062,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/vlfsqnst,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Ryder Gambit
https://lichess.org/id86k3tl,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/eduyihun,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/deq40rjs,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/hqdh52bd,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/udi2wedk,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/exj1ovsh,,,French Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/e6hlbyqs,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/jhoc38gs,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Normal Defense
https://lichess.org/hylhrd4r,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/ft4fysq4,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/kwkpaixa,,,French Defense: Winawer Variation
https://lichess.org/uhv837tb,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/jdyublhe,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/wiaa96zd,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/twhr2stt,,,King's Pawn Game: Mengarini's Opening
https://lichess.org/o2d1zver,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/v2ipogsz,,,Sicilian Defense: Open #3
https://lichess.org/mpkdv360,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/49lq7bm4,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/5tz5made,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/mzjbcoij,,,Scandinavian Defense: Icelandic-Palme Gambit
https://lichess.org/0ppe8ytl,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/z7g2j0vw,,,Kangaroo Defense
https://lichess.org/6t52kfhl,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/8tgz1pug,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/rebsz0of,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/lqp4mi1w,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/e7cy8isr,,,Vienna Game
https://lichess.org/rzuqvxbp,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/99w62ufo,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/cods33dq,,,King's Knight Opening
