https://lichess.org/qi4c42hg,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/9v5c9euq,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/11jelrd6,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/2z5h6n3i,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/uzazvk1w,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/hj3ie2re,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/s6gaa2ib,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/1n3kseqh,,,King's Gambit Accepted: King Knight's Gambit
https://lichess.org/uix7mmbs,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/5qs9wp8m,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/pw745f9v,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/c4xfhei5,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/abqoiumt,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/zrug0vu1,,,Pirc Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/jvjo5sgz,,,Philidor Defense: Nimzowitsch Variation #2
https://lichess.org/un8uzptm,,,Philidor Defense: Nimzowitsch Variation #2
https://lichess.org/oguww2xc,,,Pirc Defense: Byrne Variation
https://lichess.org/5xk1jezm,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense #2
https://lichess.org/o34q8nkh,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/e0k5y1eg,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/n1zk06s0,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Teichmann Variation
https://lichess.org/1f79wmuh,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/2zr9r3jp,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/8ab168da,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/jbz52c6h,,,East Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/vwqftsmb,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/51d2e3e6,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/9w1dbjxr,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/dq4rt7iz,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/hk0x3lmn,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/x2oqvsya,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/6awzusgs,,,Alekhine Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/o07cs7e4,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/2fljdgzy,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/8b5vd508,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/ln82r73l,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/f0i5srqe,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/nru2757j,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Gedult Gambit
https://lichess.org/7d2suy89,,,King's Indian Defense: Semi-Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/2k2op93d,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Smyslov Variation
https://lichess.org/jfbyw1uk,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/gqmuuw1w,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/fq6etkhk,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/pf8j1q30,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/y7jttgq0,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/k3racaev,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/nhhrnp2d,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Knight Attack, Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/zfx7n1o9,,,King's Gambit Declined, Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/nbu80o2a,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/ehbki1ha,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/ccudh8l8,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/b8ulsskp,,,Three Knights Opening #2
https://lichess.org/jriitj8x,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/1y38nl3f,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/51wpf8iy,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/lz71hiju,,,Sicilian Defense: Dragon Variation, Modern Bc4 Variation
https://lichess.org/wrcs2hfc,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/w888i4g2,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Semi-Tarrasch, 5.cxd5
https://lichess.org/iaokvcqk,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/gd4pmr3s,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/izn3uqyt,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/3u7tb8ug,,,Queen's Gambit
https://lichess.org/n21pqsxv,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/s7oxv9l8,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/0j1wp80i,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/i1l02yit,,,Italian Game: Schilling-Kostic Gambit
https://lichess.org/lu3knptj,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/1ut97u28,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/qpbn8j1d,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/cm6m1ys2,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/67aqip9i,,,French Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/y5x7sjny,,,Englund Gambit Complex: Felbecker Gambit
https://lichess.org/5wv6088h,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/mgcl4rcb,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/stv8uz11,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/8otzn0kt,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/4ha2f2lu,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/l50csmwr,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/oii35l9r,,,Sicilian Defense: Open #3
https://lichess.org/ra39x98n,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/uwi8r6ne,,,French Defense: Franco-Hiva Gambit I
https://lichess.org/krozk9ba,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/6lirs0ot,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/ikpzyt4z,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/uagmrpct,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
https://lichess.org/i99buupk,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/8c7yvr6z,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/koupcpeg,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/tpu5w7z1,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Reversed Closed Sicilian
https://lichess.org/vyrlk2g1,,,Vienna Game: Zhuravlev Countergambit #2
https://lichess.org/1jnn7nl5,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/k8b1llx2,,,Sicilian Defense: Kalashnikov Variation
https://lichess.org/vg8oq950,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/q7fnaww1,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Winawer Defense
https://lichess.org/mgkrnp50,,,Mikenas Defense
https://lichess.org/5l8gh8jd,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Modern Variation, Normal Line
https://lichess.org/dwgl8qfu,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/yol26505,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/p1rl71lj,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/26tgdaxs,,,Alekhine Defense: Scandinavian Variation, Geschev Gambit
