https://lichess.org/qrtoydhe,,,Blumenfeld Countergambit #2
https://lichess.org/w6x34hzg,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/2tbmaqv5,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Baltic Defense
https://lichess.org/8icuonta,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/6sybfbfk,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/4uue8cia,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/qmiuhxy8,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/q196lo7a,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/o41y582x,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/ylrd4naz,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/2juwu1mq,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/fk3o8l8t,,,Philidor Defense: Hanham Variation
https://lichess.org/oj62t44z,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/ufdz635l,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/d3sycpt1,,,Sicilian Defense: Kramnik Variation
https://lichess.org/9hcerfl9,,,Scandinavian Defense: Gubinsky-Melts Defense
https://lichess.org/dkpv81zb,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/q2ypws2e,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/ypijmj8n,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/ibpn299u,,,Mexican Defense
https://lichess.org/gk521j9v,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/n8jen4rj,,,Ponziani Opening: Jaenisch Counterattack
https://lichess.org/b3dy9h58,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/pyarnptz,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/rrfv1gkx,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/gbjjid9b,,,Portuguese Opening
https://lichess.org/ef3thtno,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/2mt1w9co,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System
https://lichess.org/r2fd1fjs,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/fqbs35fv,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/omtpu63n,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/u05w0zse,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/sgmjuw6w,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/gjuuveyf,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Tarrasch Variation
https://lichess.org/zbfplig8,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/ny6dxbug,,,Bishop's Opening: Philidor Counterattack
https://lichess.org/q5xfm74k,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/18loixuu,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #4
https://lichess.org/jsdjrmdi,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/spiddfsx,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/iez7u01t,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/k1fiessr,,,Sicilian Defense: Lasker-Pelikan Variation, Schlechter Variation
https://lichess.org/orrsrjao,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/tl6xfnta,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/lli9a920,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/e6rnysi9,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/cqdexik1,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/g4kyagui,,,Center Game: Hall Variation
https://lichess.org/c1b08mxs,,,Vienna Game: Vienna Gambit
https://lichess.org/v0vhiy80,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/a0dqxp17,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/w30mfyd4,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/35q162ri,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/v9e8deb4,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/ncr7shg0,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/3cv6c60x,,,Australian Defense
https://lichess.org/4tmpn5mr,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Vienna Variation
https://lichess.org/4vztk8g6,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/rijdkesl,,,Sicilian Defense: Delayed Alapin
https://lichess.org/xxhwuvcn,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/oktmdfpt,,,King's Pawn Opening: 2.b3
https://lichess.org/k074i3fl,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/voyxyoxy,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/x25fl9os,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/ub9fwz17,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/0wf2gky2,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/hbtbb627,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/tn2rayaw,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/4cs4djc2,,,Portuguese Opening
https://lichess.org/67ns0l02,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/f8gyceu2,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/sjtjw9is,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/vtt5vplm,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/r0c1zxfj,,,French Defense: Mediterranean Defense
https://lichess.org/esvchagx,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/wbh3mwqv,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/yujrazxc,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/j30kmoda,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/pdrsipdm,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/ezszhz4a,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/8abtljnl,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System
https://lichess.org/iz8xsg06,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/fforft4i,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/6qa1lswk,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/3tj62wo0,,,Philidor Defense: Hanham Variation
https://lichess.org/xtoyfbaz,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/lg16v6hw,,,Latvian Gambit Accepted, Leonhardt Variation
https://lichess.org/m37gka6o,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/u25fsw2n,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Fischer Defense
https://lichess.org/psqw9iwk,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/zglfv8ia,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/3q8sto1z,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/34kumj5r,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/ike64fti,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/ag0j8lq3,,,Modern Defense: Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/ivt8lcpd,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/q7k974ag,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/u10e5xre,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Netherlands Variation
https://lichess.org/gc5oxic0,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/e7o2z11g,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
