https://lichess.org/lwphk7pd,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/g82hpjnv,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/dbnpptkp,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/5nz881wu,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/sah6x4tp,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/crhajs7a,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/10e3x4un,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/c11oq95j,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/5j86ospj,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/a72wejnd,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
https://lichess.org/ik8v1vob,,,Mikenas Defense
https://lichess.org/6u8zq750,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/9nmuhevh,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/00gztwte,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/5awbhgk6,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/h9nvk2hm,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/vkdwe94x,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/t73bzzal,,,King's Pawn Game: Tortoise Opening
https://lichess.org/bbypbpwj,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/i5kpvu62,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/ocfk9g8x,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ivhkf69z,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/z63ujkbf,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Baltic Defense
https://lichess.org/la0dly46,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense, Rio Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/w5jouymm,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/2mpbbjga,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/on61jy8i,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/h2i1r04h,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/anh97ern,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/59nocetx,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/a2t5k9jc,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit
https://lichess.org/okdqojzy,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen Variation, Szen Variation
https://lichess.org/5nsq7072,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Steinitz Countergambit
https://lichess.org/4oohu1c9,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Reversed Closed Sicilian
https://lichess.org/9mtvh5li,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/d9sn9xm9,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/e3dk8nu0,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Normal Defense
https://lichess.org/z8zrkuap,,,Sicilian Defense: Franco-Sicilian Variation
https://lichess.org/tknwrq5j,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/1mewgqmw,,,English Opening: Great Snake Variation
https://lichess.org/64dykwbc,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Franco-Nimzowitsch Variation
https://lichess.org/6srzwpt2,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation, Linksspringer Variation
https://lichess.org/9hw076cd,,,Ponziani Opening
https://lichess.org/ik9fq6wn,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/5c0kdsw0,,,Owen Defense: Smith Gambit
https://lichess.org/qhytn4mq,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/7n59gzfy,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/i2msix3r,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/4uw2cm0w,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/wado4vp6,,,English Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/nbnvqpgy,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/smu8sosp,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/d6fuvvst,,,Sicilian Defense: Delayed Alapin
https://lichess.org/5ic6vkrh,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Accelerated Mannheim Variation
https://lichess.org/9aex7ytr,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/e3e4267h,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/d4vuef1z,,,Dutch Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/wwta7auq,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/jqx1v2m9,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/z5gx9cil,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/5abqmvqi,,,Owen Defense: Smith Gambit
https://lichess.org/zhptcent,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/jpma84k6,,,King's Indian Attack: French Variation
https://lichess.org/022s65yq,,,Italian Game: Evans Gambit, Main Line
https://lichess.org/mybtunwl,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/odu7yie8,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/4szwqnq4,,,Sicilian Defense: Open #3
https://lichess.org/f6skv7g0,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation, Traditional
https://lichess.org/mf1dnth8,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/ouq045f8,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/odrjz1yv,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/r0ieoag1,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/lw65n681,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/6yttmqxi,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/po40946f,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/61vw7jlk,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/zbj7u6xd,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/qjez2bjs,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/6peim6gs,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/r5207zc1,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/cgcsn9y9,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/vv5wg20g,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/tyo58ioy,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/4cu5iknv,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/gj22715p,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/pvzi5frl,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/r8czy9cu,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/p2mrjy6p,,,Sicilian Defense: Delayed Alapin
https://lichess.org/1f5ujrg0,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/xve7kg66,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/ypddfiy9,,,Sicilian Defense: Gaw-Paw Variation
https://lichess.org/s2z4q15s,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/e4y4xpu2,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/sdywbbcu,,,Gedult's Opening
https://lichess.org/05k20d2c,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Accelerated Move Order
https://lichess.org/8tfian9k,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation, Linksspringer Variation
https://lichess.org/2l82i9sx,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/9uuh93cj,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/h96jasbb,,,Benko Gambit Accepted, Fully Accepted Variation
https://lichess.org/0drf3110,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
