https://lichess.org/yyhni2y1,,,Colle System: Traditional Colle
https://lichess.org/iadg0ik8,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/pk5hhcu9,,,English Opening: Great Snake Variation
https://lichess.org/3rzqhs9t,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/x7ejc4wf,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/uaswu96i,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/dzwj4os1,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/biav5hg2,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/jf346wz5,,,Semi-Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/j83n4ff2,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/m82v9mr4,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/e1oljkj3,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/a1phbaqk,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/i88s2n8t,,,Pirc Defense: Byrne Variation
https://lichess.org/t68s5eu3,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/cwynq7bt,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/cdsd5u1e,,,Queen's Gambit
https://lichess.org/xikwla7p,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/uhvp66sf,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/3u6yyhcx,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/ivvdbvvv,,,Vienna Game: Stanley Variation
https://lichess.org/9ztaie4o,,,Sicilian Defense: O'Kelly Variation, Venice System
https://lichess.org/65ewte2t,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/3jzkni3z,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/rswqqmro,,,Hungarian Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/7y7is70n,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/ptf8ixz8,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Torre Attack, Gossip Variation
https://lichess.org/kolm96zv,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/fielrujj,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/tl1jmr43,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack, Kiddie Countergambit
https://lichess.org/0lo9tbrh,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/wddmkwn4,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/98zuavfo,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/xmu4q5kz,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/brnym50r,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/my4z0ym2,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/il19n2z5,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/5wbj872o,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/gt7pevgb,,,Ponziani Opening: Jaenisch Counterattack
https://lichess.org/3yf9edgq,,,Scotch Game: Scotch Gambit, Kingside Variation
https://lichess.org/1ygdw4yt,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation Accepted
https://lichess.org/hzn1rfhx,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/twsgeypi,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Panov Attack, Modern Defense, Mieses Line
https://lichess.org/7yre046p,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Open Variation
https://lichess.org/x8hvni5d,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/og29pu0g,,,Zukertort Opening: Pirc Invitation
https://lichess.org/qhqyh81a,,,French Defense: Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/p331p0vt,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/664cundm,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/wg9ybh4n,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/u04fupw3,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/o83zle26,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/iyhgat2r,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Quiet Variation
https://lichess.org/2x2099d5,,,Queen's Indian Defense: Kasparov Variation
https://lichess.org/m7w1r0sp,,,Three Knights Opening #2
https://lichess.org/1xboa86p,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/1pyvuo8g,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/tvkb929q,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/ih1v6iyl,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/5joannfr,,,Benoni Defense: Old Benoni
https://lichess.org/wlq9cl5g,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Traxler Counterattack
https://lichess.org/ahgtpvf7,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/xujjaysi,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/g5rofj7w,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/066ujux9,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/dbk5vb6s,,,French Defense: Schlechter Variation
https://lichess.org/1te0deci,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation, Short Variation
https://lichess.org/otz68o0q,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/qat8mj09,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: English Variation
https://lichess.org/z33nx231,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/2om0uz8x,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/ove51y2l,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/wjjfao3e,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/dcb4xg6r,,,Zukertort Opening: Queenside Fianchetto Variation
https://lichess.org/hehkzi2t,,,Hungarian Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/ht0xg76i,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/0y52na58,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/z9wn8ub6,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/q45bi8zk,,,French Defense: Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/xmhpenqj,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/hc543gaa,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/l87y72uh,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
https://lichess.org/kvwnbztf,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Schallopp Defense
https://lichess.org/ucgem2he,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/jsektqg0,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Veresov Attack, Alburt Defense
https://lichess.org/6hct9wz5,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/27am9sfr,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/acm53ary,,,Hungarian Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/17wgme52,,,English Opening: Anglo-Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/zn06g9m6,,,King's Pawn Game: Macleod Attack
https://lichess.org/6bt46bwk,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/e4nz7by3,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation
https://lichess.org/z0edt8tv,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/rsksdkl7,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/f0w8uer7,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/7ed7kukx,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/o7hy8a9u,,,Vienna Game
https://lichess.org/bp9g2k1r,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/6w98172o,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/o2uirg4q,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #4
