https://lichess.org/d1ur3p52,,,French Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/sw8gbo2r,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/7rwy8pky,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/dcy0m28j,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Normal Defense
https://lichess.org/o1a8iega,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/2sguv5rv,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Rosenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/1krutyj8,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/yj9zngql,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/aqdpeb6a,,,Zukertort Opening: Queenside Fianchetto Variation
https://lichess.org/r5cw1y68,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/4zy882lq,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/90ck47k6,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/2m2iwhip,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/xgwpnkrh,,,Sicilian Defense: Open
https://lichess.org/cmapj07z,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/5f72saod,,,Scotch Game: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/k7oxbnfc,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/xm5w0c8u,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/1lltjjny,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/auxsz6jg,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/d6qtbvub,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/k3q1wafy,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/110qtzrg,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/2v4gd275,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Two Knights Variation, Reversed Dragon
https://lichess.org/bp9jmrds,,,Sicilian Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ft36zrii,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/57o4uy9b,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/f9emhpl2,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/hubqr8ql,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/laenuhiu,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/xvuw6t01,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/mkj93uos,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/4n0hf61q,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/ef7y5zt2,,,Dutch Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/me2ks9er,,,French Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/wv8gvsax,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/k26o7jn6,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/a9416x4w,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/uokat7qd,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/ql8by3z5,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/iqty7b4v,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/qc2lnc1h,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/52j9yv12,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/f7o1ioqb,,,Owen Defense: Smith Gambit
https://lichess.org/jz07onsr,,,French Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/77uewsmt,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/dsydme7k,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/boxygq6r,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/jg7m9duz,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/497sbwqk,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/x0x91cio,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/ttf5zjkf,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation, Albin Gambit
https://lichess.org/02ev7dop,,,King's Indian Defense: Orthodox Variation
https://lichess.org/915qb0dl,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/cghq2n8y,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/zv6w070h,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/i25lxi1s,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/wt3q5nht,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense, Anderssen Variation
https://lichess.org/bduec0gp,,,Sicilian Defense: Accelerated Dragon, Maroczy Bind
https://lichess.org/k56elarq,,,Ruy Lopez: Nuernberg Variation
https://lichess.org/437g7xwv,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/b6us899l,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/1nbh97q0,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/3aeut0an,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/gc9o5yqb,,,French Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/ekn4rire,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/y3356i9h,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/7g1yhh52,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/9bde6pr7,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/787ksxy8,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Reversed Sicilian
https://lichess.org/9757cqmj,,,Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/oou9cifv,,,Slav Defense: Schlechter Variation
https://lichess.org/2t4kr2x5,,,Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/g1n6h5dq,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/hbm7fvmj,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/nx14xupm,,,Semi-Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/imkherup,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/kbmg68fh,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/xxbo2dmi,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/gbddp4ks,,,Hungarian Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/kmo45j4x,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/ljxfo2zj,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/bpsignnw,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/78m7agf2,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/66aa564e,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/9q909ye8,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/epmblicq,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Paulsen Attack
https://lichess.org/v16z277z,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/opnvdxgr,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation, Open
https://lichess.org/kw8wie67,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/luw3eck3,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/xo9jqqjx,,,Vienna Game
https://lichess.org/oqv9xf4j,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/n0oftst5,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/i8qh8k97,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/yxjjd934,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/dskuoq4t,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Nimzowitsch System
https://lichess.org/6yri3w7d,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/r7wkev6z,,,Three Knights Opening #2
https://lichess.org/cth8meqc,,,Elephant Gambit
