https://lichess.org/9b1jwrog,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/sinn6e7m,,,Dutch Defense: Raphael Variation
https://lichess.org/27f95qij,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/oc60320o,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/mctpsmdw,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/2nyaln53,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Accelerated Move Order
https://lichess.org/kj7u8v2u,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/l1a7imzi,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/h43fwfme,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/5h73qv1r,,,Russian Game: Damiano Variation
https://lichess.org/7f7npfcd,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/s3hwu8wq,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/qf29yssi,,,Canard Opening
https://lichess.org/xaeyguas,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/zkzfzm9h,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/8nauegws,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/5g7rnflu,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/3y4utzap,,,Englund Gambit Complex: Hartlaub-Charlick Gambit
https://lichess.org/uktibrx7,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #3
https://lichess.org/j03o9ee9,,,Alekhine Defense: Maroczy Variation
https://lichess.org/mb56xwt5,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/pavf0zns,,,English Opening: Symmetrical Variation, Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/5kxmmdk4,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/g9wvr6fd,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Franco-Nimzowitsch Variation
https://lichess.org/u2e1aish,,,Englund Gambit Complex: Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/ejsa6pmr,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/02j635i4,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/zyvgd7on,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/1vxfrtfd,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/lhcfubm7,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/e71wu3d1,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/35cmhon7,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/bj460ash,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/yzsgs0c1,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/ru7d7ksx,,,English Opening: Caro-Kann Defensive System
https://lichess.org/lcqbxr32,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/bo4pdx3q,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/v0lazr3s,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/vsrldk6f,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/jg24pjl0,,,Indian Game: Budapest Defense
https://lichess.org/zvuyybii,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/2f40sczp,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/bn2ihlf8,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/yxowtz06,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/cdg35cmg,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/hhmolll7,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/hdkuhlnk,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/29wttpqw,,,Center Game: Hall Variation
https://lichess.org/6ltmd2ho,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/ed0jftpx,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/h53f8ms4,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/37p1iet2,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/1sjukszi,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/k7xw9dqt,,,Queen's Pawn Game: London System
https://lichess.org/lwdbyxkh,,,Semi-Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/v1aduwxl,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/4xxl0p1d,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/jbucunhq,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/0uldqbfe,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/efc1ozl1,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/0regwuty,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/kd0mr92k,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/nf21o2pq,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/m56yk10y,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/eh3q0mhw,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen Variation, Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/vilsf0sq,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/nan8nl2l,,,Alekhine Defense: John Tracy Gambit
https://lichess.org/yruekvqf,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/19xd5zul,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/h36rt8t3,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/11ug36ho,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/r921kp0n,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/nho8ixoe,,,Zukertort Opening: Polish Defense
https://lichess.org/c9j4ezdv,,,English Opening: Caro-Kann Defensive System
https://lichess.org/9kmcbu9e,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/phr6gdsc,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/eslr8kf7,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/msqk6hlt,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/usgyi844,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/fmvcdlyq,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/dl05geqn,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/ccyxhuk6,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/mkiyd7em,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/klmk26p7,,,Canard Opening
https://lichess.org/5vddhux9,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/0n7e5lj9,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/9fw8twfn,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/3t5lyuoq,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/3bnb5tu9,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/i47obzq3,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/14b5p6p1,,,Scandinavian Defense: Icelandic-Palme Gambit
https://lichess.org/qwlkxdr3,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/g3c9k2ew,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/w5ancxpb,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense, Janowski Variation
https://lichess.org/5w4chdpn,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/cvmmkhxw,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/9xp2mqh0,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/9astzrdf,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/pjifm879,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/esh0382t,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
