https://lichess.org/bpajo9p2,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/rog3nw8r,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/yzag4qgu,,,Ponziani Opening
https://lichess.org/nucdbrsr,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/qd49p40c,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/i5y8eja1,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/pu2r7njv,,,Ruy Lopez: Bird Variation
https://lichess.org/o2bvg68e,,,English Opening: Symmetrical Variation, Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/ib9u27lv,,,Modern Defense: Averbakh Variation
https://lichess.org/x0xmusyt,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/z59natpi,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/st59llz3,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/l8nbmxqi,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/u2ez7r9y,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/0lyy7kfi,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/nc7x01v1,,,Hungarian Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/3qgbh31n,,,Colle System
https://lichess.org/g6cagl0n,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/vjznydks,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/jmcn12l5,,,English Defense
https://lichess.org/g7ayqeva,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/o0x82ys2,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/mcfrstrd,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #2
https://lichess.org/v5q8b9e6,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/b4yht0nu,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/3s38o92a,,,Ponziani Opening: Jaenisch Counterattack
https://lichess.org/iw96kc9d,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/7z2gusw3,,,Sicilian Defense: Accelerated Dragon
https://lichess.org/ibxtrjcc,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/b8k2tigk,,,Englund Gambit Complex Declined
https://lichess.org/6hkc9kmi,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/4n10kkgi,,,Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/quczuzae,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Franco-Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/b2qv23fi,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/kzwikdxn,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/4c43p7t4,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/w9ov76ts,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/ht3dzqx5,,,Ponziani Opening
https://lichess.org/jisd6l2z,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ee257wkr,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/b0x3if1t,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/md99od9k,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Classical Defense Deferred
https://lichess.org/tktvrlmw,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/uhernij4,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/tkkf3c8q,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/flb7f5c0,,,Neo-Gruenfeld Defense: Ultra-delayed Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/3x9bkpa3,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/8qx4b2v0,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/3f44gyin,,,Danish Gambit Declined, Sorensen Defense
https://lichess.org/3t3dhy52,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/osw3obv6,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/d2m4l8sq,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/gsa6kgys,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/7kq64bv0,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/6zyip0uo,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/00a4p9xz,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/5putqce5,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/hyk8651b,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack, Kiddie Countergambit
https://lichess.org/t3ix8hl2,,,Van Geet Opening: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/8yppk1ti,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/9k9t9xe9,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/z959cgf7,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/gyn935c6,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/bzu5o01k,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Bishop's Gambit
https://lichess.org/agt899wh,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/shgenfzy,,,Pirc Defense: Byrne Variation
https://lichess.org/s2wkxklz,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/u68b94g4,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ggzii8ts,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/v4t0q0nx,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/vxzmir08,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System
https://lichess.org/hcv59mht,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/tz2on3zi,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/iuuu5o21,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/r4vs7xub,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/9ev6gnlj,,,Ponziani Opening
https://lichess.org/b94qweo9,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/bhgb5d6a,,,Hungarian Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/5abo1q4x,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/phiwarnp,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/7iifyl0f,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Tarrasch Variation
https://lichess.org/39qyc3wu,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/nk88h0aq,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/7zdkl4oh,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/oplrwdnx,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/o26nswdb,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/q3389qb9,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/qz21l084,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/c7ipibvp,,,Hungarian Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/bwwg3m93,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Pseudo-Spanish Variation
https://lichess.org/a24khv3q,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/2a9abfdw,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/9heqg5qv,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/g3npjzxt,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/ns1chb9s,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ouw8vxgl,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/zoiw9ez1,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/qclwnbao,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/j3v3zz1o,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation Accepted
https://lichess.org/vp8icgfm,,,Sicilian Defense #2
