https://lichess.org/ce4q8il6,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/whmcsw8r,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/0ko3xhne,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/9mcyv097,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/kpuvfscb,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/kl57wzpe,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/d15metyi,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/8y51nxrd,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/1oeyhjcy,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/s1bz5vki,,,Philidor Defense #4
https://lichess.org/kxkgiy1k,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/1jatya2h,,,Grob Opening: Grob Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/c6rtqsuy,,,Ponziani Opening: Jaenisch Counterattack
https://lichess.org/rh9demks,,,Grob Opening: Grob Gambit, Fritz Gambit
https://lichess.org/xr0tj1t5,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/t4g880ou,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation, Lutikov Variation
https://lichess.org/c9idw2qt,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/8kptygxb,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/189hu3c6,,,Center Game: Hall Variation
https://lichess.org/rj1ni2rm,,,King's Gambit Accepted: King Knight's Gambit
https://lichess.org/sp164s9l,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/njml8f0q,,,Sicilian Defense: Chekhover Variation
https://lichess.org/h1uc1467,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Krause Variation
https://lichess.org/llpu79wv,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Ragozin Variation
https://lichess.org/vq37rcjc,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/4xlrh0dg,,,Semi-Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/koggnoy3,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/pr6h0zmf,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/ovq0uyn4,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/kh0bnb77,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/jneu40la,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/vo4ggiay,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/aair1dcg,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/t6pnnq0a,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/rrw6o6ke,,,Benoni Defense: Hromadka System
https://lichess.org/evj7xacc,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/w6q0whzt,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Fischer Defense
https://lichess.org/bm484txf,,,Slav Defense: Chameleon Variation
https://lichess.org/bcpfdnx2,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation, Monte Carlo Variation
https://lichess.org/n10llbh7,,,Mieses Opening: Reversed Rat
https://lichess.org/jwhgjmfy,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Knight Attack
https://lichess.org/hili0vdg,,,Alekhine Defense: Scandinavian Variation
https://lichess.org/jarscahv,,,Gunderam Defense
https://lichess.org/yus4hj4g,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/k38n20tc,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/yyc53e3c,,,Slav Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/8l6nnlh0,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/61ziezh6,,,Sicilian Defense: Scheveningen Variation, English Attack #2
https://lichess.org/3hgq0eil,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/9ttt6clp,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/k01s02nd,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/mqmpjt3o,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/24b96anz,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/bk2zle1y,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/3xb1pfwk,,,Sicilian Defense: Lasker-Pelikan Variation
https://lichess.org/fawasg3n,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/618n7x6t,,,King's Gambit Declined, Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/pftjg42l,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Rasa-Studier Gambit
https://lichess.org/kw83qp8n,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/cyp3fjte,,,Slav Defense: Quiet Variation, Pin Defense
https://lichess.org/5p71vm6t,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/bzxn6sh4,,,French Defense: Mediterranean Defense
https://lichess.org/nzr1d0rd,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/ycovsohw,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/x8dvpb13,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/89vp1wbn,,,Carr Defense
https://lichess.org/ojiq3c3n,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/k9xzt4za,,,French Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/szfwld84,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/zbe56k2g,,,Sicilian Defense: Delayed Alapin
https://lichess.org/v4d8nn6w,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/wf0fenfd,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni-Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/fpnzkto6,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/luwtq28w,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/22hkm168,,,Reti Opening
https://lichess.org/v2mwls0b,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/t41r4vvb,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/d3ev90zh,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/7przz1ht,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/dfg7zdw4,,,Vienna Game: Anderssen Defense
https://lichess.org/vzbzzln8,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/o4blrnb5,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/8sjqbnh9,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Scandinavian Variation, Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/9w5sapd1,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/gnnast18,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/62122qgo,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/eq49zwl9,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/1rmcdniu,,,King's Indian Defense: Six Pawns Attack
https://lichess.org/a2te106m,,,Benoni Defense: Hromadka System
https://lichess.org/5t2k06kv,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/73tgyh2c,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/peq0iwin,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/38a2fosh,,,Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/cgnn7sqc,,,Vienna Game: Stanley Variation, Reversed Spanish
https://lichess.org/ivagq0rj,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/ye52uhve,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/ec4sw6o3,,,French Defense: Marshall Variation
https://lichess.org/awn8z1ey,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Italian Four Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/u4b0lr98,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/uptrf8dc,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
