https://lichess.org/ohummmub,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/scv7x5f9,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/1a0n2qfy,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/jirxt3ck,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Torre Attack
https://lichess.org/0j91vm4z,,,Rat Defense: Harmonist
https://lichess.org/w0gilsgh,,,English Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/zbtxmgmk,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/fmazg9a9,,,Scandinavian Defense: Panov Transfer
https://lichess.org/zmennrii,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/m6yeb9nz,,,Slav Defense #3
https://lichess.org/nxzi5id5,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ofokv1nz,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/x4lxyuqe,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/eiqj3h4w,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/cshhq1za,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/87tsel61,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/wqokecyw,,,Modern Defense: Bishop Attack
https://lichess.org/e3tztqmu,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/xwayxnph,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/8gf32gmd,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/76ok1dn3,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/tly8eezo,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/ko72xrzy,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/tofypor5,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Steinitz Countergambit
https://lichess.org/pwzhalo8,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Traditional Variation
https://lichess.org/euj0xrzs,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/2suh6a2w,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/jvgsr7ne,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/w9crj3x0,,,Sicilian Defense: Open #2
https://lichess.org/mbfr3qu7,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Baltic Defense
https://lichess.org/55whs6jd,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/t6lbvrn8,,,Bishop's Opening: Khan Gambit
https://lichess.org/pqclclsa,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/rusn7ygu,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/5h9cunf6,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/my909ryn,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Scandinavian Variation, Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/sj65zb0f,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ol4bov98,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/pkvr9dle,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/pj93piqv,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense #3
https://lichess.org/0e19swv0,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Ragozin Variation
https://lichess.org/tubp3su8,,,English Opening: Anglo-Indian Defense, Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/xlqzpduo,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/7fo68rmi,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/aez2duvw,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/8x1572k5,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/ch4ji58p,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/93398cs0,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/ephg9try,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/sh2o6acm,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/quns82rp,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/5uyuejfl,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/26g6rwx1,,,Modern Defense: Three Pawns Attack
https://lichess.org/vlhnsgcs,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/filr3w9h,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/cumv4ohd,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/9e9ym2q3,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/mj7i1w3t,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/kqxcuzgq,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/il23ffjf,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/g6bfqqby,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/wln265vm,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/0261n4n7,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/07zuaa18,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/itvf9b3x,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #4
https://lichess.org/acdred72,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/2mi0dofx,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/b32awhf8,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/at8by5li,,,Vienna Game
https://lichess.org/1tbggalj,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/w4mvp102,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/5qhpb6sd,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/05t8tnxo,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/a2onq7qp,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Euwe Defense
https://lichess.org/72vcco7n,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/je2vt33v,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/dkpup1lv,,,Sicilian Defense: Open #2
https://lichess.org/jw3b7zt0,,,Scotch Game: Goering Gambit, Double Pawn Sacrifice
https://lichess.org/9zixyl1h,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/cm6qbc3s,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/4a1nikhy,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/qiwgnn0t,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/o556xebh,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/p7f7xzge,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/iabdex1o,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/6ll5kf2m,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Fischer Defense
https://lichess.org/f6w9071e,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/goln5b2s,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/wte3abn2,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/y43scutu,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense
https://lichess.org/2vgmb3it,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/0bwr9e5k,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/c3vjtseu,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/8sba4hdc,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Tarrasch Defense, Pseudo-Tarrasch
https://lichess.org/75256lk3,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: von Popiel Gambit
https://lichess.org/x153fbel,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/8cfptzn4,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/xhml3g04,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/tdems1wm,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/xvj50wfu,,,Yusupov-Rubinstein System
