https://lichess.org/djoutr3e,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/zosr01lh,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Schallopp Defense
https://lichess.org/8l7xmvoi,,,Scotch Game: Benima Defense
https://lichess.org/fn1m2c75,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/bx4ku25d,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/jbhfk80y,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/1eny9oe5,,,Sicilian Defense #2
https://lichess.org/njw7ylkn,,,Danish Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/h360fwk2,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Central Variation, Alekhine System
https://lichess.org/1x1o4dfg,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/6cngsnpm,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Piano, Greco's Attack
https://lichess.org/ceecctmw,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/l20hvkw0,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Williams Variation
https://lichess.org/9mjzkmeo,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/n0bhfwnt,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/vg39wgx9,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/j1sah2yx,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/qu4ii7lu,,,Trompowsky Attack
https://lichess.org/hgucq30h,,,Sicilian Defense: Canal-Sokolsky Attack
https://lichess.org/xcidn1q0,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/jko6askp,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/3wvqtrxl,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/9ac48j52,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Franco-Nimzowitsch Variation
https://lichess.org/ljul14dg,,,Sicilian Defense: Open #3
https://lichess.org/3jz66cke,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/5cj5yt1l,,,Sicilian Defense: Delayed Alapin
https://lichess.org/axo2i6rt,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/vz6d1c34,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/2n980suo,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/99r37n3d,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation, Linksspringer Variation
https://lichess.org/oh1dioyz,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/bhygp3cs,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/0m1wvhs3,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation, Short Variation
https://lichess.org/plzswded,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/4bqqig7q,,,Czech Defense
https://lichess.org/xm0qcgdw,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/4gmpctkx,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/prgux5tf,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/ktmzreo6,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Franco-Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/jix8tvul,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/dz7jw5dz,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/9cy0mobb,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/9dtjiixe,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/i2asnlfu,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/g5fzu7ix,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/rkse7nb5,,,Zukertort Opening: Pirc Invitation
https://lichess.org/d9oz6ii4,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/zaffwt3l,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/etzrsfm8,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/7diifq66,,,Sicilian Defense: Loewenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/u3jb4rvj,,,Clemenz Opening
https://lichess.org/8k5wrqiu,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/ygc3lr85,,,Pirc Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/4sjybx3d,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/jpld5rfs,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/yhryzqjv,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Albin Countergambit
https://lichess.org/9v00e9zz,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/p2smhu0b,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/x43mdqjd,,,Vienna Game: Stanley Variation
https://lichess.org/aftdgbnl,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/0nsyy92t,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/zoqb102w,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/mbbiaff2,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/eaqavu0l,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/rc744yev,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/byypns38,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/f023dave,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Normal Defense
https://lichess.org/py4sbnua,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/1nwiqzd4,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/p78wp47c,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/cm9m2xuf,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/38chefjd,,,King's Gambit Declined, Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/rbaj6yj8,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/xppfzdjd,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/u9mq5vj9,,,Hungarian Opening: Slav Formation
https://lichess.org/lap3iu08,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/4m8kptkg,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/ov209k6s,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/kx0xoxh3,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/ri77tuid,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/byzlhr1p,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/s5xmuipv,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/oihqfp4n,,,Sicilian Defense: Najdorf Variation
https://lichess.org/ckovsc11,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/kq0fi5io,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Central Variation, Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/i0nr0lyr,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense, Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/lluuk0bu,,,Modern Defense: Three Pawns Attack
https://lichess.org/q53ms85k,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/e1a9emqo,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/9alx4ato,,,French Defense: Steiner Variation
https://lichess.org/7lck2313,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/qvx1pnw5,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/m9lvug9a,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Albin Countergambit
https://lichess.org/qmajd1h4,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/oh6yokrb,,,Sicilian Defense: Kalashnikov Variation
https://lichess.org/bqqwxy8n,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/ksp4w4bw,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/95sp9pqs,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/1uygorbm,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/03lpfo1k,,,Philidor Defense #3
