https://lichess.org/mo84xb0n,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/bijeyuf5,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/pcvrwtwq,,,French Defense: Horwitz Attack
https://lichess.org/ubvqd4py,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Krause Variation
https://lichess.org/a3ivwb9p,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/l0hz78y5,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/puj76lyf,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/vn118w1e,,,Sicilian Defense: Open
https://lichess.org/9emwriah,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/ee1kt303,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/j42rfaee,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/n6beu366,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/1ywvqg7x,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/y6endqm6,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/2fjx3ka2,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Baltic Defense
https://lichess.org/lgjzl7kj,,,Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/q5t27b6f,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/xj07ecz9,,,Indian Game: Colle System, King's Indian Variation
https://lichess.org/brn4tosp,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/6756inwx,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/39ivr1l8,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/vf765zto,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/vxi4qunn,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/n2o77nxs,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/e45ehqyq,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/trohy6ax,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed Alekhine
https://lichess.org/gqd4ixhm,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Kloss Gambit
https://lichess.org/zb3gjl8u,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/f5376rew,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/45v9p0ay,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Tarrasch Variation
https://lichess.org/vpx892pa,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/4a67v3aj,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/qprwl0u5,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/u733w128,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/gkdlebiz,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/e4fsdhg9,,,Blumenfeld Countergambit #2
https://lichess.org/fnoffxiy,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed
https://lichess.org/b8xqxz8q,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/wme4jo7y,,,Modern Defense: Geller's System
https://lichess.org/mbp072dt,,,Colle System #2
https://lichess.org/xj1j8sg3,,,Alekhine Defense: Modern Variation, Larsen Variation
https://lichess.org/rar47695,,,Rat Defense: Harmonist
https://lichess.org/uf9ayzaj,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Accelerated Move Order
https://lichess.org/3rqh58od,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/23nymrnp,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed Alekhine
https://lichess.org/b851wj3d,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/fwxpcclw,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Franco-Nimzowitsch Variation
https://lichess.org/aqxlpzpm,,,Slav Defense: Modern Line
https://lichess.org/kv3eetja,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/egcg7i99,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/8cuoxxfi,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/2y5z8q9z,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/h5mojiwh,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/nxunhnw1,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/9o9v5cmy,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/btivjyjf,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/i9n8254k,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/0ctpod31,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/knxov3sn,,,Modern Defense: Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/slivxz71,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/qtbuwzr2,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/ay2ct4ts,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation Accepted
https://lichess.org/n0tytkia,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Fischer Defense
https://lichess.org/pz3cq0ly,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/o2gt0ijh,,,English Opening: Anglo-Indian Defense, Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/3m5vyj2g,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed Alekhine
https://lichess.org/bi4ocxma,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/49xvtuyp,,,Englund Gambit Complex: Hartlaub-Charlick Gambit
https://lichess.org/148xxfnq,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/q0tkm4co,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/f6wcyq7d,,,Zukertort Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/c98f0t12,,,Vienna Game: Falkbeer Variation
https://lichess.org/seuezelt,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/491jfqay,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/z4xq829j,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed
https://lichess.org/rd1w1obq,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Tarrasch Defense: 4.cxd5 exd5
https://lichess.org/5dhyvx9z,,,Rat Defense: Harmonist
https://lichess.org/4t8zb2tp,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/c4s93obo,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Fischer Defense
https://lichess.org/n5292hf5,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Kloss Gambit
https://lichess.org/a2avys7x,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/bv2dtflk,,,Pirc Defense: Roscher Gambit
https://lichess.org/s4d3po3i,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/7gt83xrd,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/wztxp2fs,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/iyexaigl,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/u221qbjb,,,Scandinavian Defense: Boehnke Gambit
https://lichess.org/0zn3wqm8,,,Philidor Defense: Morphy Gambit
https://lichess.org/rkjkhd9a,,,King's Pawn Game: Maroczy Defense
https://lichess.org/b0o8ye1v,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Quiet Variation
https://lichess.org/gnz7eejy,,,Latvian Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/1kbmtz9y,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/vzxb4rbl,,,Colle System #2
https://lichess.org/xxib9cfi,,,King's Pawn Opening: 2.b3
https://lichess.org/ot5s7zte,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/9z29w156,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/l7rhm658,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/5qs2vy77,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/2kx2m63c,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/6lsp47y6,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
