https://lichess.org/qvogzzv8,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/bm8s269b,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation Accepted
https://lichess.org/zxek2esa,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ssm6cjja,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/ngbz2gzz,,,French Defense: Marshall Variation
https://lichess.org/lewqj2my,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/qi32vivc,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/b6icyycd,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Mikenas Variation
https://lichess.org/6l9t11e8,,,Old Indian: Czech Variation
https://lichess.org/s64e1ple,,,Dutch Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/es5tg6pz,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/cqn9s9m3,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/0yb69k9m,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/ven1roya,,,Torre Attack #2
https://lichess.org/9e2tbg72,,,Vienna Game: Vienna Gambit
https://lichess.org/xdwf877p,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
https://lichess.org/o0h23qf9,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/mofqi2lo,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/3mom7060,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/cxvuuap0,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/636s4jad,,,Reti Opening
https://lichess.org/x6zm1zgg,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/fae6omub,,,Sicilian Defense: O'Kelly Variation, Venice System
https://lichess.org/ojt76h74,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/1r5apst9,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Polerio Defense, Bishop Check Line
https://lichess.org/xkoeewhx,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/xbdxc20p,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/2oio79n9,,,King's Pawn Game: Macleod Attack
https://lichess.org/rxwgyi9j,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/6ic4a9r4,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/78f70rui,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/056qnrpq,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/xx2nzj0t,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/8v0tyyne,,,Italian Game: Scotch Gambit, Max Lange Attack, Spielmann Defense
https://lichess.org/b426vho7,,,Zukertort Opening: Kingside Fianchetto
https://lichess.org/yxck83ji,,,Canard Opening
https://lichess.org/xfbcj17n,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/nbhbguca,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/p2l6o0z9,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen-Basman Defense
https://lichess.org/6axf2612,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/pgkztqfj,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/djxsnk92,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/env5unn7,,,Sicilian Defense: Delayed Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/40rulc1o,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/h0w3dia2,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/sdsd2zdq,,,Pirc Defense: Austrian Attack
https://lichess.org/qce2szjh,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/xlgk7ioy,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/n55qi32h,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/mcrb8zsf,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/av473wsa,,,King's Pawn Game: Mengarini's Opening
https://lichess.org/olqonwav,,,Sicilian Defense: Accelerated Dragon
https://lichess.org/94hq0owc,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/jfpvso9v,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/4r6h38ka,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/zn94scf6,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/5qzr5lrn,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/xrwuesw7,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/cmcchsv2,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/9hwtxpez,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/wb7uja4i,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation, Pseudo-Catalan
https://lichess.org/a65cy9ri,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/misv86s3,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Stonewall Attack
https://lichess.org/2tyzb2f9,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/ruj4xd3w,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense
https://lichess.org/3f99vyxo,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/jtg15p6h,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/i7ll1x6g,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/s8jg6f3o,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/8jvwawfm,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/eucx2ge5,,,Reti Opening: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/3anruyos,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/8pw8gwx3,,,Elephant Gambit: Paulsen Countergambit
https://lichess.org/934pvtz2,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Barmen Variation
https://lichess.org/8c69b4kh,,,Bird Opening: From's Gambit
https://lichess.org/ykofeawn,,,Nimzowitsch Defense, Declined Variation
https://lichess.org/igq7p2ds,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/hczqgq1n,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/1uhssxmx,,,Lion Defense: Anti-Philidor, Lion's Cave
https://lichess.org/k42jqjqe,,,Colle System #2
https://lichess.org/41i2nwzc,,,Bird Opening: From's Gambit
https://lichess.org/52zwu34w,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen Variation
https://lichess.org/w2vnjtt9,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/cgx76d72,,,Old Benoni Defense #2
https://lichess.org/fys2kia3,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Veresov Attack, Alburt Defense
https://lichess.org/vjox8969,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/3tm1z9pf,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/8v2twgxa,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/6mz4gggy,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/jt5rfmls,,,French Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/tjnj525l,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/ln1lz0ne,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/nst0b7a7,,,Sicilian Defense: Open #3
https://lichess.org/94wgjvdi,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Veresov Attack, Classical Defense
https://lichess.org/tfsxpngi,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation
https://lichess.org/ni09b0cc,,,Paleface Attack
https://lichess.org/0nxotuq3,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Ziegler Defense
https://lichess.org/am4b08sg,,,Sicilian Defense: Hyperaccelerated Fianchetto
https://lichess.org/4svr1j5y,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/h6xd5j0c,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
