https://lichess.org/z687tq98,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/76hi4d66,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Anglo-Slav Opening
https://lichess.org/2ix1smx4,,,Slav Defense #3
https://lichess.org/rmov2cxc,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/vsxrfn3r,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/6aej4m2r,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/zcemv41l,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/1b1zv246,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Anti-Torre
https://lichess.org/ho9h4l2q,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/zpfsrzkt,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/zen5yq6w,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/6jm0917c,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Normal Defense
https://lichess.org/p6ijo8xf,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/v6c02sd9,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/ix8bfh93,,,Blumenfeld Countergambit #2
https://lichess.org/j1a34zaw,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/caoncyx9,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, de Riviere Gambit
https://lichess.org/rhhon6hc,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/6rj0qkfk,,,Sicilian Defense: Delayed Alapin
https://lichess.org/mdjroj2h,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/ypnpg6f4,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/507c7qgx,,,Mikenas Defense
https://lichess.org/9hmfkm1d,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/n2cjf2uy,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/1h4qy3j0,,,Danish Gambit Accepted, Classical Defense
https://lichess.org/ugulye4g,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/gfkdl7zx,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/w3jk2q1v,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/cm12k90h,,,Yusupov-Rubinstein System
https://lichess.org/xsqw9i44,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/9gu9hy4q,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/g3uv1y4v,,,Sicilian Defense #2
https://lichess.org/tkd5nyjq,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/6cohkyok,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/uj7eij4i,,,English Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/28kebpbm,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/no10km4d,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/4k8a9ux8,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense, Improved Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/acr1ni7h,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/79al379m,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
https://lichess.org/1d7ppf5w,,,Colle System
https://lichess.org/k4cq3ff5,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Noteboom Variation
https://lichess.org/861joz1q,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/om3sys77,,,Scotch Game: Goering Gambit, Double Pawn Sacrifice
https://lichess.org/3za66iq3,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/94a52jdb,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/gicdrvn0,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack, Kiddie Countergambit
https://lichess.org/xzzgs0jx,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/4s57c4pj,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/cz4hj4hi,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/jrspw8gh,,,Alekhine Defense: Scandinavian Variation
https://lichess.org/bj4th7ml,,,Sicilian Defense #2
https://lichess.org/5aptjd7d,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/slatirom,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/4a2kpdu3,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Krause Variation
https://lichess.org/rhqjcno4,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/31wiyz7w,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Four Knights Variation, Fianchetto Line
https://lichess.org/c597u7d9,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/ufz5dj8z,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/atu0gu13,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/5hw72okn,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/1g063zws,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/y93l4sfv,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/ccj4o3bp,,,French Defense: Queen's Knight
https://lichess.org/nmc5vhlu,,,Sicilian Defense: Najdorf, Lipnitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/rgp2s8kn,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Perreux Variation
https://lichess.org/3bqrozl4,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/cpyoo2a8,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/dartp2zw,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/y2t7lmqm,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/fhere8aq,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/da8cng4y,,,Italian Game: Evans Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/mnfuv8gz,,,Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/a40aaodk,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/tt7wfav5,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/l4arnx8m,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/rkaotos3,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/equsz8gm,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/dqq7qn5g,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/k8cmtqfm,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/4b9k3iou,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ji0292sn,,,Alekhine Defense: Modern Variation, Schmid Variation
https://lichess.org/x1hbqvsq,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/8bjb1m5u,,,Colle System
https://lichess.org/lfjbykyf,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/49n2585r,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Modern Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/u4u2322d,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/5vebilse,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/oloewocx,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/9tk3a9zb,,,Pirc Defense #3
https://lichess.org/ypifjkei,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/pmke02og,,,Italian Game: Schilling-Kostic Gambit
https://lichess.org/14s3p51l,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/led3yw93,,,Rat Defense: Harmonist
https://lichess.org/3seudhx8,,,Center Game: Paulsen Attack Variation
https://lichess.org/y1u6qu3v,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/arfawt97,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/dtw4oi56,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/dm1v7brh,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/4ni3pknm,,,Horwitz Defense
