https://lichess.org/lctq3nv3,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/z7n80wpd,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/wvuuvh2f,,,King's Pawn Game: Macleod Attack
https://lichess.org/nfhvrxlq,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/knnfrcvv,,,Semi-Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/4k964zdf,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/1py0cck5,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/gcj0ethp,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/79k4mlat,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/rjn2qaxy,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/injg0v24,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/9lgv5lmq,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/og0xc4s4,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/wd36ima9,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/31ombg1a,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/z0eoussj,,,Ruy Lopez: Open Variations
https://lichess.org/74yys1qu,,,Sicilian Defense: Franco-Sicilian Variation
https://lichess.org/ij4n1278,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/hf5hhydz,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/ku8im2af,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/tnnoikdq,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/i5ywkmai,,,English Opening: Caro-Kann Defensive System
https://lichess.org/vii4vr2p,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/03kbl9gh,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/allw83pu,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Central Variation, Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/vxa8oz0a,,,East Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/xwgfd1e5,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/nk5kkrzh,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/7v1irefx,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Cunningham Defense
https://lichess.org/46j5pkkl,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/4qoqinxg,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/bft6bppw,,,Benoni Defense: King's Pawn Line
https://lichess.org/w867jazc,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #4
https://lichess.org/fulzu7rs,,,Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/md5zhfg4,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/o9fzhrsf,,,English Opening: Anglo-Indian Defense, Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/8pet39z4,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/reqxkzw2,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/yo9kga7s,,,Alekhine Defense: Mokele Mbembe
https://lichess.org/w4tss24h,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/bagfgcbj,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/tyxc7xv0,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/6x4l08af,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/e3go3i7w,,,Danish Gambit Accepted, Copenhagen Defense
https://lichess.org/gpckg4e6,,,Slav Defense: Slav Gambit, Alekhine Attack
https://lichess.org/q7iepmy9,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/8nt9aot4,,,Sicilian Defense: Scheveningen Variation
https://lichess.org/owxb607p,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/l96d4uof,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/ci0pnz4q,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/0jjuv011,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/o74ckbje,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/nipvrusf,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/qkmdxrvs,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: 4.Bg5 Be7
https://lichess.org/v24e3t53,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/z4vv6lqx,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/fqb59loz,,,Four Knights Game: Spanish Variation
https://lichess.org/ep4mdolg,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/hvc3k8tp,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/43c5xdn4,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/tjd61abm,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/5fherbbp,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/0vuvpf4y,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/8vemexee,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/gt0d7ejt,,,Alekhine Defense: Modern Variation, Larsen-Haakert Variation
https://lichess.org/6mqqud76,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/1opo05g1,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System
https://lichess.org/k8hcj2tn,,,Slav Defense: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/k43boo6u,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/y7yv7dzu,,,Dutch Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/4icv34v3,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit
https://lichess.org/n2e77swg,,,Ruy Lopez: Bird Variation
https://lichess.org/kbhro4dc,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/2nojbc9a,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/2swqz4be,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/vg3icd70,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/564yz5kc,,,French Defense: Franco-Hiva Gambit II
https://lichess.org/amrprwk3,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/1ums2m6p,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/kegsp7t1,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/0hvaaxkf,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/jqt5qod5,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/sk6x9qu9,,,English Opening: Great Snake Variation
https://lichess.org/kayynnbc,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/sc1l6y7c,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/jbog7m8a,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation, Bronstein Variation
https://lichess.org/80vd0hg1,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/9qdwls5i,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/2iwgcash,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/gflpj24t,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense #2
https://lichess.org/pv4evxci,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/4bg44c2g,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/rr9ek5bp,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/jhp03m2h,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/0o0yjbx4,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/vcshogju,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/ujx07d4x,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/1uvwddet,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/tk2dv6ri,,,Russian Game: Damiano Variation
https://lichess.org/zbzw94w6,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
