https://lichess.org/4yxxu4b6,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/c594uehf,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Classical Variation, Berlin Variation
https://lichess.org/zd2xdwmx,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/2xmm9alp,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/g4csur5u,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/crku8nl2,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/2slk8469,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation, Monte Carlo Variation
https://lichess.org/vek366gw,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Two Knights Attack
https://lichess.org/gd9qngwn,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/pomgcc8r,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation, Central Variation
https://lichess.org/bqjqglft,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Paulsen Attack
https://lichess.org/xa2j71vl,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/jhvctuk6,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/3fc00yk6,,,King's Gambit, Falkbeer Countergambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/itbqdno3,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/na341lyx,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/fas3nxl9,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/75cx8f7x,,,Vienna Game: Stanley Variation
https://lichess.org/ewy39d4l,,,Portuguese Opening
https://lichess.org/fcbmh84x,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/9xdlc42u,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/j2cm8pul,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/jl7eoifd,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/7hxbrxfx,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/tata9ndd,,,English Opening: Mikenas-Carls Variation
https://lichess.org/amhg9ttm,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/fbemby9a,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/ciz7c3oz,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Caro Variation
https://lichess.org/d4ggni1o,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #3
https://lichess.org/is4p3qgn,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/xdhqw4hv,,,Gunderam Defense
https://lichess.org/636w4v2g,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/5doukp1t,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Accelerated Move Order
https://lichess.org/be0qaory,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/8orhcys5,,,Indian Game: East Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/d0uwwtyx,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/2tp2y0wv,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/bxq5ea1l,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/z5oy7wvf,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/yth33oot,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/srrmd4qe,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Accelerated Panov Attack
https://lichess.org/4kk0o0zr,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Teichmann Variation
https://lichess.org/9gbxuzzx,,,Gunderam Defense
https://lichess.org/dc23ixnv,,,English Opening: Anglo-Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/s6sypqrp,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Veresov Attack, Anti-Veresov
https://lichess.org/3p68tggy,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/3kq28fqt,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/adhexqiw,,,Slav Defense #3
https://lichess.org/px6t3fyh,,,Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/uuargmrk,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/qzsid2gf,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/vq1dts2f,,,Danish Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/o1oeyiic,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Caro Variation
https://lichess.org/njqxds5q,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/o5pz5dow,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/6l10saup,,,Old Indian Defense: Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/t0jg3lp3,,,Gunderam Defense
https://lichess.org/8ck08v38,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/017ygf67,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/hg3ce7gx,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Paulsen Attack
https://lichess.org/zmj0a8mb,,,Slav Defense: Quiet Variation, Pin Defense
https://lichess.org/2681u0xl,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/1douu533,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/1gt5j828,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/koap1m7b,,,Slav Defense #3
https://lichess.org/bzhsmdl4,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/qszov7x4,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/btjcb1dr,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/fynvlaua,,,King's Gambit, Falkbeer Countergambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/ur79m9ia,,,Alekhine Defense: Modern Variation, Schmid Variation
https://lichess.org/rdiy3gl3,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/wp6xo1vk,,,Slav Defense: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/djqmfxna,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/5399l82x,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/ot3qlhcy,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/1v5o3n60,,,Ponziani Opening: Jaenisch Counterattack
https://lichess.org/8dfedi2k,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack, Kiddie Countergambit
https://lichess.org/l790va66,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/29j2xxn9,,,French Defense: Classical Variation, Steinitz Variation
https://lichess.org/hlxlguvg,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/sa5glb0m,,,Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/g5lixwvs,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/puqkvx5l,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/spmot9ck,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Stonewall Attack
https://lichess.org/6r3e8opt,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/f9ankig0,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/m99drhn2,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/10ax16fh,,,Center Game: Paulsen Attack Variation
https://lichess.org/1poiebqh,,,Queen's Gambit
https://lichess.org/ct6muvay,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation Accepted
https://lichess.org/dg51g0q6,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/fr5x7fv3,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Classical Defense Deferred
https://lichess.org/ev99j0oq,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/j34h4pmw,,,Guatemala Defense
https://lichess.org/uj6tuvrn,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/y5itf8pg,,,Danish Gambit Accepted, Classical Defense
https://lichess.org/ncmhavpu,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/9cl1bw0l,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/owfd1snc,,,King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/lcd0t0d1,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
