https://lichess.org/binx3v9x,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/eup4cczm,,,Sicilian Defense: Lasker-Dunne Attack
https://lichess.org/olycvbzw,,,Scotch Game: Scotch Gambit
https://lichess.org/3gffnpha,,,Slav Defense: Slav Gambit, Alekhine Attack
https://lichess.org/k37skhb7,,,Russian Game: Damiano Variation
https://lichess.org/yz64njqc,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen-Basman Defense
https://lichess.org/ur2c833m,,,Gedult's Opening
https://lichess.org/7g3oobwg,,,Sicilian Defense: Delayed Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/scr2k2kf,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/7v909sxj,,,Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/5vdfdtc9,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/pf2ralnr,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/3pt4kiqb,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/2rnz4iv7,,,Ruy Lopez: Bird's Defense Deferred
https://lichess.org/5pgmg55h,,,Englund Gambit Complex: Felbecker Gambit
https://lichess.org/tjmns60w,,,Sicilian Defense: Scheveningen Variation
https://lichess.org/jocm0bl1,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/hln12c8u,,,Portuguese Opening
https://lichess.org/vtmahd4c,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/taljs3lz,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/9dr0jm64,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense
https://lichess.org/z0lp05xd,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #4
https://lichess.org/14bbayuq,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/f1k7zokg,,,Sicilian Defense: Marshall Counterattack
https://lichess.org/6b3ouwbf,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/znq6lble,,,French Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/n4xs8yua,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation, Barmen Defense
https://lichess.org/jhpj9b1e,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/p077cbi1,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/umiqa1yq,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/zn9donoy,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Barmen Variation
https://lichess.org/x0jdv2is,,,Slav Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/5m46zr9o,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation, Albin Gambit
https://lichess.org/qylfnhxa,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/l282mqgm,,,Ruy Lopez: Bird Variation
https://lichess.org/i89vmqh3,,,Slav Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/0gwfyhgy,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/95esivdr,,,Sicilian Defense: Marshall Counterattack
https://lichess.org/o5uuffmb,,,Indian Game: Seirawan Attack
https://lichess.org/yt1w1hxr,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Central Variation, Greco Variation
https://lichess.org/r4olkzim,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/4y33tbpq,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/87lsle74,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/j1fimgbv,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/a5hbru7b,,,Ware Defense
https://lichess.org/bu824mrm,,,Ruy Lopez: Closed, 8.c3
https://lichess.org/46l4p62b,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/6vzpy0p7,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/p2rb2r1d,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/p8lzoceh,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/caiya60q,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/p6ngekz5,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/60go830a,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/21pypqtz,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense, Lazard Gambit
https://lichess.org/x51huujp,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Ragozin Variation
https://lichess.org/cv65vk78,,,Slav Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/21ttpylv,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/raljl7y0,,,Scotch Game: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/8c8m3rz7,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/v393j4kc,,,Bishop's Opening: Ponziani Gambit
https://lichess.org/kbe28a5k,,,Sicilian Defense: Marshall Counterattack
https://lichess.org/fizlxqcm,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/uar2jgmd,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation, Traditional
https://lichess.org/xbgde526,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/3fbifuer,,,King's Pawn Game: Maroczy Defense
https://lichess.org/o2j8gwmx,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/vs0ypik7,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Anglo-Slav Opening
https://lichess.org/gtcxuuvx,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/wk0y7zmq,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/r3iddwjh,,,Scandinavian Defense: Marshall Variation
https://lichess.org/bdh5fjjt,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/19f5fu7a,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/t0dn3ui1,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/zmwrzy18,,,English Opening: Anglo-Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/xrj1n1jz,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/579s5ud3,,,Scotch Game: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/drpdyrfy,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/s6ce6az6,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/gsvs2pac,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/rj8zm5fu,,,Richter-Veresov Attack
https://lichess.org/l4bl7cxd,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/6qy4yewq,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Franco-Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/1u0qel80,,,Gedult's Opening
https://lichess.org/ea1s6umq,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/s0c4hxei,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/h451b22v,,,Paleface Attack
https://lichess.org/2exxaeg2,,,English Opening: Anglo-Indian Defense, Hedgehog System
https://lichess.org/7jshcktt,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/g2ygchkr,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/zbkhzc9x,,,Philidor Defense: Nimzowitsch Variation
https://lichess.org/30eqyiq4,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/mo5tm839,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Knight Attack
https://lichess.org/ljr3dnl4,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Vienna Variation
https://lichess.org/443w2lyw,,,Sicilian Defense: Lasker-Dunne Attack
https://lichess.org/8supdu8r,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/8af96b2z,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/9d0kdzrt,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/vslagwoa,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/stsi86rv,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/u8u3rw0u,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Albin Countergambit, Fianchetto Variation, Bg4 Line
