https://lichess.org/575sm7b4,,,Vienna Game: Omaha Gambit
https://lichess.org/e4nu43yk,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/7k7h2167,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/r75uosgv,,,King's Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/op9uzsck,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/2x8yavn7,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/c1uoaagp,,,English Opening: Great Snake Variation
https://lichess.org/6tg0inm6,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/1r85isux,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Four Knights Variation, Fianchetto Line
https://lichess.org/lne7b937,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/xl7w09u0,,,Scotch Game: Scotch Gambit
https://lichess.org/xzyji2iy,,,English Opening: Great Snake Variation
https://lichess.org/h4ngeo76,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/8q8zzqih,,,Three Knights Opening: Winawer Defense
https://lichess.org/1m67cp7e,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/p4tfcckr,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/9xowwsqx,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/367bi9lx,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/ar8xihbs,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/ybonqp8l,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/s75cc4ov,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/6q4c1gi0,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/5q2q98j3,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/rjgiwbf1,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/gc2gwve8,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/n6maxxqp,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/hegnvsjl,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/6na64r64,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/v81w9y3t,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Becker Defense
https://lichess.org/m1rerv0t,,,Paleface Attack
https://lichess.org/etv8eava,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/bvgeqrch,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/tq52jqee,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/tjdrsg0u,,,Gedult's Opening
https://lichess.org/8djy5ecd,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/hh8t63rr,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/136bh94n,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/fd8qe640,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/xiqmze2e,,,Slav Defense #3
https://lichess.org/lbj1bgxw,,,Sicilian Defense: Brick Variation
https://lichess.org/33rwaltd,,,Tarrasch Defense
https://lichess.org/w2a5bcwz,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/81gr0ekd,,,Bishop's Opening: Vienna Hybrid, Spielmann Attack
https://lichess.org/6fatvmwt,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Caro Variation
https://lichess.org/jm43l87s,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Paulsen Attack
https://lichess.org/nkkzgvdl,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/ld9508zj,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/cyb3tjyk,,,Alekhine Defense: Scandinavian Variation
https://lichess.org/cd3fa8nj,,,Sicilian Defense: Dragon, Classical Attack
https://lichess.org/4tgmrgou,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/up1kkzn6,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/m6p88sni,,,Slav Defense: Exchange Variation, Symmetrical Line
https://lichess.org/npkvbjqi,,,French Defense: Bird Invitation
https://lichess.org/3r9gvjbq,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/vq44pvl2,,,Anderssen Opening
https://lichess.org/dkwxi1a8,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/5ue74bxk,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/zr2lbkn1,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/0vi9xmh0,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/19cz56tg,,,King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/qm1pmpdx,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/u1ikm82k,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/bg5fedbr,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Accelerated Panov Attack
https://lichess.org/hfbd35zo,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Accelerated Mannheim Variation
https://lichess.org/96p9nrhd,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/f6hzeca6,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/e4el8bq9,,,Vienna Game: Stanley Variation
https://lichess.org/6okkx6s5,,,Franco-Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/zdeclm38,,,Alekhine Defense: Scandinavian Variation
https://lichess.org/p7gsdmiz,,,Alekhine Defense: Modern Variation, Main Line
https://lichess.org/z0smx58r,,,Yusupov-Rubinstein System
https://lichess.org/8xj63gs7,,,French Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/aoscqc5s,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Polerio Defense
https://lichess.org/azltoenf,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/86kkkve0,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit Declined, Weinsbach Declination
https://lichess.org/erbytjkg,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/8hyffj4g,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/dfptizkl,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/w4y9gy1l,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/ofj3tuip,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/2und7jmf,,,Alekhine Defense: Scandinavian Variation
https://lichess.org/9f72qjo8,,,Ruy Lopez: Marshall Attack, Steiner Variation
https://lichess.org/9pg0glwp,,,Zukertort Opening: Slav Invitation
https://lichess.org/ys3bnyn1,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/tipeb2fm,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/pf91pv46,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/qko8k8qn,,,Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/ahto0zbz,,,Vienna Game
https://lichess.org/bi4hchoz,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/9s67e3ip,,,Sicilian Defense: Canal Attack, Main Line
https://lichess.org/f8a3v7ph,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Panov Attack #2
https://lichess.org/oin7xbt8,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/z2eyyzoa,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/fvaz28qb,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/umz65iol,,,Ruy Lopez: Marshall Attack
https://lichess.org/ptkwstqv,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/0pnfujaq,,,French Defense: Wing Gambit
https://lichess.org/oo47su7r,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/01mt17z7,,,French Defense: Burn Variation
https://lichess.org/40m6m9ff,,,Caro-Kann Defense
