https://lichess.org/0dyhp4c9,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/h5nayqas,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni-Indian Defense, Kingside Move Order
https://lichess.org/x9hsiqgs,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/502vbc82,,,Scandinavian Defense: Boehnke Gambit
https://lichess.org/3xf3jduf,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/gf63na8h,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/krj79a08,,,King's Pawn Game: Macleod Attack
https://lichess.org/a7vtlvwi,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/47wuxila,,,Slav Defense: Geller Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/5w2its5c,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/owlslcyt,,,Danish Gambit Accepted, Schlechter Defense
https://lichess.org/htnjqyv2,,,Ponziani Opening
https://lichess.org/xve6yrrt,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/dwvp5uc5,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation
https://lichess.org/f8iz43fx,,,Scandinavian Defense: Boehnke Gambit
https://lichess.org/e0l0ddzf,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/l3vgfp8i,,,Zukertort Opening: Vos Gambit
https://lichess.org/webh3vsw,,,Trompowsky Attack
https://lichess.org/vw3u4obc,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/77dlzpq1,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/4k7i10m6,,,Ponziani Opening: Jaenisch Counterattack
https://lichess.org/rdsho1eb,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/omqadj5k,,,King's Pawn Game: Dresden Opening
https://lichess.org/ulswvple,,,Danish Gambit Accepted, Schlechter Defense
https://lichess.org/ou47j7rn,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/ejneuk4t,,,Scotch Game: Scotch Gambit
https://lichess.org/0ul6iwf4,,,Scandinavian Defense: Panov Transfer
https://lichess.org/b6cds6al,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/4ncycger,,,Nimzowitsch Defense, Declined Variation
https://lichess.org/uvjahfmb,,,Vienna Game: Falkbeer Variation
https://lichess.org/i579bkrf,,,Bishop's Opening: Philidor Counterattack
https://lichess.org/u7ata83s,,,Benoni Defense: King's Pawn Line
https://lichess.org/ehsfpun9,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/qbpnyape,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/h535pjh5,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/fgsrz9b3,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/kxtb64hk,,,Semi-Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/h4sfrj6w,,,King's Pawn Game: Gunderam Gambit
https://lichess.org/7fogq3ms,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System
https://lichess.org/lstsxot1,,,Petrov's Defense
https://lichess.org/bxx9x5cm,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/liazmsb1,,,Danish Gambit Accepted, Schlechter Defense
https://lichess.org/ssi0wxqg,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/30gfq9q9,,,Alekhine Defense #2
https://lichess.org/xgcjnpk4,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/nc6np4xu,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/f04f837g,,,Center Game
https://lichess.org/xudw9ykc,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/zcovi56f,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/e3gactv1,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Italian Four Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/ne6eiaix,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/q9jy9dcx,,,Vienna Game: Mengarini Variation
https://lichess.org/p75gub1y,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/2x2tclj1,,,Scandinavian Defense: Boehnke Gambit
https://lichess.org/4jbblz4t,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense
https://lichess.org/zo7qzr0m,,,English Opening: Caro-Kann Defensive System
https://lichess.org/t55vdgyn,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Caro Variation
https://lichess.org/9bff4b0x,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/m2duwcz1,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/3sr4kseb,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Accelerated Mannheim Variation
https://lichess.org/bxhnjmgm,,,Mikenas Defense
https://lichess.org/dmvvi1ka,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/bnhm0n68,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/bjn91dre,,,Sicilian Defense: Najdorf Variation, English Attack
https://lichess.org/t0jl8a1x,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/wktgqhmq,,,Scandinavian Defense: Boehnke Gambit
https://lichess.org/96ib7yht,,,Sicilian Defense: Open #3
https://lichess.org/4ui72atw,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Knight Attack, Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/tmnghcfj,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/e31r0efj,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/2wjl1zkf,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/j4txrbw3,,,French Defense: Steiner Variation
https://lichess.org/la84lgti,,,French Defense: Franco-Hiva Gambit III
https://lichess.org/ihjnjrk7,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/6nn9lfbz,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/ezfbikii,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/rfppmlqa,,,Queen's Gambit
https://lichess.org/edhbcai8,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation, Lutikov Variation
https://lichess.org/71xf0yev,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation, Open
https://lichess.org/fgitrypr,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/p9rmdxnc,,,Zukertort Opening: Kingside Fianchetto
https://lichess.org/zbf11gs2,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/jonkk942,,,Sicilian Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/ljc7x6ze,,,Sicilian Defense: Kan Variation
https://lichess.org/xwee67rw,,,French Defense: Mediterranean Defense
https://lichess.org/ngzf8w37,,,Sicilian Defense: Lasker-Dunne Attack
https://lichess.org/y7vuxr64,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/shgz7p4s,,,Vienna Game: Stanley Variation
https://lichess.org/pwo3c83q,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/kliocs9g,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/r8g1ufvb,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/2o4sotq4,,,French Defense: Franco-Hiva Gambit I
https://lichess.org/73k9ejan,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/wza0hi6n,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/kj4ifbpy,,,Italian Game: Scotch Gambit, Janowski Defense
https://lichess.org/tc5s88dk,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Piano, Greco's Attack
https://lichess.org/pib2vs5l,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/pl44rguo,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/nmv7vccj,,,French Defense: Franco-Hiva Gambit I
https://lichess.org/a7tpasbb,,,Center Game #2
