https://lichess.org/jqdk56fr,,,Four Knights Game: Spanish Variation, Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/sgxmm9n8,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/x8iojf4n,,,Slav Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/jxcr90d5,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/rffy91gr,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/goae8gg2,,,Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/oym2ql0d,,,Bishop's Opening: Vienna Hybrid, Spielmann Attack
https://lichess.org/a07ogrw8,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/uhkos2d3,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/fauttgh0,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/zpxbmflw,,,French Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/k8fzzgtx,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/1mx2wmgt,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/7a6oh7x9,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/oqbdgo3y,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/loy2jbsw,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/xe38hi69,,,English Opening: Symmetrical Variation, Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/ibk4uagd,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/qxwsilwc,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Knight Attack, Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/zk0xhn5t,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Anglo-Slav Opening
https://lichess.org/iayy9lj4,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/5qemp183,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense
https://lichess.org/jztzjx2t,,,Kadas Opening
https://lichess.org/sd4kfiza,,,Kadas Opening
https://lichess.org/6mawzfkv,,,Kadas Opening
https://lichess.org/sfjsj2st,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Rasa-Studier Gambit
https://lichess.org/cr9emlnb,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni-Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/6ukw9k82,,,Hungarian Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/a4dxrjzq,,,Kadas Opening
https://lichess.org/d7hxochp,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/rzgnvgw6,,,Ruy Lopez: Marshall Attack, Steiner Variation
https://lichess.org/2ng1rdwt,,,Kadas Opening
https://lichess.org/620f0eee,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/gvp28ort,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/qsnx3k6g,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/c3t1bedf,,,Hungarian Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/rqlhe72f,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/z912jlbv,,,Kadas Opening
https://lichess.org/aeh46ln3,,,Torre Attack #2
https://lichess.org/yvx3hbqn,,,Kadas Opening
https://lichess.org/1i4ni44g,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/pxgdyob5,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/k4k8wz9i,,,Kadas Opening
https://lichess.org/8l3cjoe8,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/fquefwvg,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/98z4qpls,,,King's Pawn Game: Gunderam Gambit
https://lichess.org/olfzirxj,,,Alekhine Defense #2
https://lichess.org/oe47bt7d,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/no1t0w44,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/ct18a4gc,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/vdrn3rvg,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/min287ut,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/vqbfsam2,,,French Defense: Queen's Knight
https://lichess.org/381xfnmc,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/f46bzw7a,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/snv9lked,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/2rn9rfnt,,,Kadas Opening
https://lichess.org/sii3ime8,,,Kadas Opening
https://lichess.org/ys2ziicy,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/p1b3yjaj,,,Kadas Opening
https://lichess.org/bkk9l4zh,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/ksnay2cl,,,Kadas Opening
https://lichess.org/9f3i6iah,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/rgvtnr99,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Baltic Defense
https://lichess.org/a6n0hk2w,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ev8106k2,,,Mieses Opening: Reversed Rat
https://lichess.org/rx8hxo08,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/r7yyszo5,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/crnrk0bl,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/fktbz37u,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/l6plsnem,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/n8usc13b,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/tjgtmo2p,,,Englund Gambit Complex: Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/ufluomku,,,King's Indian Attack: Sicilian Variation
https://lichess.org/s1b2ctyk,,,Bishop's Opening: Vienna Hybrid
https://lichess.org/m75vkmg9,,,Indian Game: Przepiorka Variation
https://lichess.org/5pzbhazw,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/tqif4n2j,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/jgsjc72j,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/g7r11vyz,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/u0evl4h6,,,King's Gambit, Falkbeer Countergambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/pdhvmcds,,,Franco-Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/t88q1py5,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/ua66h311,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/zex7bqh1,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Barmen Variation
https://lichess.org/pbdfkjgq,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/4c04f13l,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/2h82zot5,,,Old Indian Defense: Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/4oqbkqtl,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/tf273s9e,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/ngp0n7m3,,,Borg Defense: Borg Gambit
https://lichess.org/1ld01ghp,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/j5qxatcq,,,French Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/3go139qk,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/0monmfqw,,,Italian Game: Schilling-Kostic Gambit
https://lichess.org/jkoz7lpl,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/yynmymrb,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Italian Four Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/3dc131hg,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/thuuizek,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/ab509f78,,,English Defense #2
