https://lichess.org/tsyobm7t,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/s1x2gdxy,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/tf5rabk0,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/6odkpt49,,,Four Knights Game
https://lichess.org/2wtilqt4,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/c32cpghz,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/plowbbou,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/oi933zye,,,Sicilian Defense: Hyperaccelerated Dragon
https://lichess.org/hh0dqj10,,,Four Knights Game
https://lichess.org/hpl4iry2,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/prjgmczi,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/4ukbr8e0,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/bggnxirw,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/lrh76t7o,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/bhsenybw,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Breyer Variation
https://lichess.org/76szlanh,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/26mfmaje,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/ubaxgml6,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/lv3wipvn,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System, Anti-Colle
https://lichess.org/3nxp70uv,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/uhya50wc,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/3hfaq2pl,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/pl1qhkm7,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/6pydp7mg,,,Alekhine Defense #2
https://lichess.org/p6tiiwgd,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/ma5a6qst,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/uizn5bjr,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/i19y6djd,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/b4ona3ka,,,Slav Defense: Slav Gambit, Alekhine Attack
https://lichess.org/mw83i1wt,,,King's Gambit Accepted: Modern Defense #2
https://lichess.org/iqs5f4xm,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Reversed Sicilian
https://lichess.org/mn7ovrfe,,,Duras Gambit
https://lichess.org/7cs13mtv,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/htmis3aa,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/q6ul31g5,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/wh7yz22x,,,English Opening: Caro-Kann Defensive System
https://lichess.org/xe85fads,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/g25mnwwa,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation, Traditional
https://lichess.org/j7t7l2ib,,,Modern Defense: Averbakh Variation
https://lichess.org/kgv7d1gp,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/k01yoh35,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/hr5fsc2k,,,Three Knights Opening #2
https://lichess.org/qwgdzhvg,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/xyyyyhld,,,Sicilian Defense: Wing Gambit
https://lichess.org/aqrvn3yp,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/dijh1a9z,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/gr2oxtfu,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Canal Variation
https://lichess.org/8g6scir4,,,Nimzowitsch-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/3gp1fkbi,,,Indian Game: Wade-Tartakower Defense
https://lichess.org/e0o983mg,,,Modern Defense: Averbakh Variation
https://lichess.org/u9dik4li,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/051cd2he,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/uhgdpn50,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/advt7bqp,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/iyxdhrqu,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/23hs5l34,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/q0cb8j3z,,,Australian Defense
https://lichess.org/5jinbadp,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/mh9jdxx1,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Fischer Defense
https://lichess.org/b6lk5o5i,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation #2
https://lichess.org/uouwotrr,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/forrs48k,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/0j78zc0a,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/bxx8r4g0,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/izfmo5y3,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation, Pseudo-Catalan
https://lichess.org/b4jaauh4,,,Sicilian Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/6n7sah1d,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/um2eltjc,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/eop1n5h4,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/8gz9g1t1,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Central Variation, Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/aug46ma8,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/chdvdubr,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/me1qmnhb,,,Sicilian Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/1dwudx35,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/z7jhdi69,,,Danish Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/hmukin6x,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/3rin5dg1,,,French Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/kazl3kai,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/echj5648,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/b77x16ce,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/511p8gqm,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/4h56fqac,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Anglo-Slav Opening
https://lichess.org/cj3mmfl8,,,King's Pawn Game: King's Head Opening #2
https://lichess.org/a304nvm6,,,Italian Game: Schilling-Kostic Gambit
https://lichess.org/7ns7dwgn,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/0m75lpcf,,,King's Gambit Accepted: Modern Defense #2
https://lichess.org/8t65n2vx,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/o82ly1r7,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/504o6fio,,,Scandinavian Defense: Panov Transfer
https://lichess.org/22xyk8qb,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/k2ae40d9,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/k6aep7xq,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/75itt9p9,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/r0x33q2d,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen Variation
https://lichess.org/gwbzucss,,,King's Pawn Game: Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/wnz8365n,,,Sicilian Defense: Modern Variations
https://lichess.org/5elyruzs,,,King's Gambit Declined: Falkbeer Countergambit
https://lichess.org/q1qcnq80,,,Modern Defense: Averbakh Variation
https://lichess.org/n6e0l8du,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/kk5cf0ac,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
