https://lichess.org/30rf90iv,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/l75uha7h,,,Alekhine Defense: Maroczy Variation
https://lichess.org/weglzer7,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/vs97lk75,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/9dm20fnc,,,Polish Opening: Czech Defense
https://lichess.org/jqfjx2ah,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: 4.Bg5 Be7
https://lichess.org/hq3lrlqb,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/rs2d7rmc,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/52j5d8cn,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/nn4hl0t2,,,Danish Gambit Accepted, Copenhagen Defense
https://lichess.org/0llohqjj,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Kmoch Variation
https://lichess.org/inmpu9bz,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/nnapb7sy,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit
https://lichess.org/y5h7ms71,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/04zqco92,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/5sst1gvb,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/ftlqqkb6,,,Danish Gambit Accepted, Copenhagen Defense
https://lichess.org/fdsvaft5,,,Sicilian Defense: Dragon Variation
https://lichess.org/ggjl3vw4,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/7p73jpcl,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/2mbt34nh,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Scandinavian Variation, Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/99dpa7as,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/om5j2s1u,,,Barnes Defense
https://lichess.org/2x4fv2ko,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Modern Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/pnwcvp47,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/vkzbwu4i,,,Italian Game: Schilling-Kostic Gambit
https://lichess.org/xocchvxv,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/yh75m8bf,,,Bird Opening: Williams Gambit
https://lichess.org/okyatt4w,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/1axwhn1j,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/52ljer70,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/8no2xugp,,,Tarrasch Defense: Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/ya4pke7h,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/5t8abx6v,,,Petrov: Modern Attack
https://lichess.org/g3gcyfk3,,,Semi-Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/qbe0yzae,,,Slav Defense: Two Knights Attack
https://lichess.org/nx7zps96,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/gp5jiatj,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/7jzfeera,,,Barnes Defense
https://lichess.org/npokkdym,,,Indian Game: Colle System, King's Indian Variation
https://lichess.org/wnw1nbh9,,,Van Geet Opening: Reversed Nimzowitsch
https://lichess.org/27t9qtad,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/ezoe767y,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/59j6obw4,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Baltic Defense
https://lichess.org/zs88oeom,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Gurgenidze System
https://lichess.org/m4eqyl6a,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/ygqcuuei,,,King's Pawn Game: Beyer Gambit
https://lichess.org/yawbs6g4,,,Sicilian Defense: Wing Gambit
https://lichess.org/klm7u1jf,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense #2
https://lichess.org/3ngnv72i,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/w4rcl7mj,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/zff60vyu,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Pseudo-Spanish Variation
https://lichess.org/4yfijc4j,,,Vienna Game: Falkbeer Variation
https://lichess.org/upztwhls,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/odvbny87,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/649bj5mx,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/6yhxsmhj,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation, Lutikov Variation
https://lichess.org/g3z47uw3,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/ezyorvut,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Nimzowitsch System
https://lichess.org/15g7hifc,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/hyebnogd,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/treqijnw,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Lasker Defense
https://lichess.org/j7w7a4es,,,Scotch Game: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/vqx0b18s,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/fnrx7a7h,,,Ware Defense
https://lichess.org/7zh3mmwx,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/htrjajjz,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/u9q1wu7g,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/lkhv0d57,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/sgxw9h2s,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/qqifgo8v,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/pil6r7ak,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/xxs54j02,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/1atnfyf6,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/5qawf80t,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense #2
https://lichess.org/bwvl6ksb,,,Slav Defense: Quiet Variation, Pin Defense
https://lichess.org/z4bk73je,,,King's Pawn Opening: 2.b3
https://lichess.org/mq99x95u,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/zdqewdym,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Fischer Defense
https://lichess.org/3q798p9m,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/bqrkr8kb,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/s12lihm8,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/ezf5yhqz,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen Variation
https://lichess.org/aiycxqzn,,,Gruenfeld Defense: Three Knights Variation, Burille Variation
https://lichess.org/c512ovpc,,,Ruy Lopez: Bird Variation
https://lichess.org/mpr7uv42,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/lvbt99ne,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/f8dxr775,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/lgq8as8k,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/577tdfzm,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/uw6itlmq,,,Carr Defense
https://lichess.org/a4alo2t0,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Paulsen Attack
https://lichess.org/6z9lvezj,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/h1rzsrii,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/zvhurwnb,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/3o9xks0p,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/y7usrtav,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/hk9lc7ku,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/7777kw61,,,Englund Gambit Complex Declined
https://lichess.org/2wki730b,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
