https://lichess.org/py9u3bdh,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ciz3a3rs,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/uvmbesjk,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/n2z5ydla,,,Mieses Opening: Reversed Rat
https://lichess.org/b5j6w9ao,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/jwohd37c,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/4r4hbqk8,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/v8w7h80m,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/kofufy9m,,,Petrov's Defense #2
https://lichess.org/eaybkecc,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/xy76c1z4,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Euwe Variation
https://lichess.org/nqjkipw7,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/bk0kywlw,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/qjnxjlwd,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/6zva9oli,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/eyyc6pzn,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/9bhrwano,,,French Defense: Horwitz Attack
https://lichess.org/5evlt2jb,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/twntbmsq,,,French Defense: Marshall Variation
https://lichess.org/20jodwup,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/37s8vtdh,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/i5eyi6zt,,,Nimzowitsch Defense, Declined Variation
https://lichess.org/ama0jrmg,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Rosenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/hjup1p5f,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/0fguz48d,,,English Opening: Symmetrical Variation, Full Symmetry Line
https://lichess.org/4viu0ds2,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/p31ntw6k,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/mj57uc0r,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/7j60qnbq,,,Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/gl3kgnxv,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/fobzt3xo,,,Modern Defense: Averbakh System, Randspringer Variation
https://lichess.org/kxs7ted2,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/q9kcx191,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/qdz0txur,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/2ggs2x6k,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/fvdg5btg,,,Nimzowitsch Defense, Declined Variation
https://lichess.org/mwc1vbgd,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/jx3fe3zq,,,Scotch Game: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/n4huy5pq,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/cylyus50,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/cft0wcwf,,,Sicilian Defense: Open
https://lichess.org/lfhhz3k5,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/6058vs15,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/y659ecw5,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/fvwv9g32,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Nimzowitsch System
https://lichess.org/jz9qre0x,,,Sicilian Defense: Kramnik Variation
https://lichess.org/7q2gj0za,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/cggu1khe,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/yqle1mqe,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/02phkf2x,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/sw5v61fq,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/16r7d8xw,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/e67b8d8p,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/kfie674k,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/hnf4kqrp,,,Old Indian: Czech Variation
https://lichess.org/mhuxbntp,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/08klyp1l,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/zmxjelru,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/70nzfupp,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/4bah6jdi,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/t481qhjp,,,Bishop's Opening: Calabrese Countergambit
https://lichess.org/a0fei6g0,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/qgzhbi5i,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/j4gjhlpl,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/sr85spyl,,,Slav Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/pfi8ptue,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/pwejx0bf,,,Bishop's Opening: Philidor Counterattack
https://lichess.org/hahhmfnv,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Pseudo-Spanish Variation
https://lichess.org/wmpxs663,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/zm4z6ysx,,,Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/wa0r2yah,,,English Opening: Anglo-Indian Defense, Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/9zn1l7rr,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Paulsen Attack
https://lichess.org/rd0gaakn,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/1om2iit6,,,Sicilian Defense: Open #2
https://lichess.org/b4gorkav,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Saduleto Variation
https://lichess.org/rrjg05mo,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/0b166s68,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/mx3ytyyw,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/33cmj98t,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/vc078uvk,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/nwvqpdn2,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/9pkfcig7,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/ygbni6io,,,King's Indian Defense: Orthodox Variation, Bayonet Attack
https://lichess.org/re4yygv2,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/6nqg2pi1,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/rzvzdyk7,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/wz0bkx3y,,,Benoni Defense: Old Benoni
https://lichess.org/j9hx87qj,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Anglo-Slav Opening
https://lichess.org/g6v66xlx,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/jyn3qbp4,,,Pirc Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/2ea82teo,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/g33efhmc,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/js6c02ed,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/iutn96rc,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/7woyaxh0,,,Sicilian Defense: Open #2
https://lichess.org/qv1hl2u1,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/qwohnisn,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/xxfaomqc,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Anti-Torre
https://lichess.org/d7z3nps3,,,Hungarian Opening: Slav Formation
https://lichess.org/ghe67eh8,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
