https://lichess.org/u66282z1,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/ckw1ndpa,,,Sicilian Defense: Loewenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/pvi8kfgh,,,Danish Gambit Accepted, Chigorin Defense
https://lichess.org/iknc7bnb,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/b8vtrdnq,,,Benoni Defense: Old Benoni
https://lichess.org/tybstggp,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/ihktbhkz,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/64s0ob1r,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/9869d5rz,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/0bgcw5u1,,,Owen Defense: Smith Gambit
https://lichess.org/h020gmzp,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/8aeupheo,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/v3apxst8,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/m5iae3em,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/p33aoyqd,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/2ashnrhn,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/xsr49fn9,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/61dvo21q,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/uoedtgq0,,,Gedult's Opening
https://lichess.org/kojzy9xz,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/ttruvvy3,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/gh78jj8w,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/ad49lj89,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
https://lichess.org/zyk3ugem,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation
https://lichess.org/9q96yajg,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/0l8zvnqy,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/w43mrfzb,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/x7id36ew,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/p41ly37i,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/7cvws9p4,,,Scandinavian Defense: Panov Transfer
https://lichess.org/jqfrnw1g,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/h4nvnqnd,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/mpzyebke,,,French Defense: Queen's Knight
https://lichess.org/ooz1ul3h,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/9a730xps,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/3psa4i6l,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/ialc51wl,,,Duras Gambit
https://lichess.org/pnrc84vt,,,Modern Defense: Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/2xyoy1wf,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/irf8knon,,,Benoni Defense: Modern Variation
https://lichess.org/u2arwgvk,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ktvtw44y,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/d5636u1x,,,Barnes Defense
https://lichess.org/f7tfruob,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/1ryhwahi,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/bartr0ch,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/cd39e5k7,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/icw5kera,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Modern Variation, Normal Line
https://lichess.org/ba9qic1v,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/vtdt517t,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Panov Attack #2
https://lichess.org/5d73oq7d,,,Owen Defense: Smith Gambit
https://lichess.org/ql5c7dzx,,,Italian Game: Schilling-Kostic Gambit
https://lichess.org/1nyh9hl8,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/sja74i25,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/5ibl0riu,,,Indian Game: Budapest Defense
https://lichess.org/6dlhoklg,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/0f8cpn6y,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/m1aj0mfs,,,Van Geet Opening
https://lichess.org/gncvuadv,,,Sicilian Defense: Open #3
https://lichess.org/nmeywwxb,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Scandinavian Variation, Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/z1yaenmm,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/hs5xcvrw,,,Vienna Game: Fyfe Gambit
https://lichess.org/hyqma4gl,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/6ifaiegi,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/imz35aku,,,French Defense: Queen's Knight
https://lichess.org/jmsbe1vf,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/dgcticfq,,,Dutch Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/a2pl5ola,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/29028jsa,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/f03gdw9o,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/8ei7mnzw,,,Sicilian Defense: Najdorf Variation
https://lichess.org/4dp9ilcq,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Fischer Defense
https://lichess.org/gc78r7ot,,,Vienna Game: Max Lange Defense
https://lichess.org/j2bgxivf,,,Sicilian Defense: Najdorf Variation, Opocensky Variation
https://lichess.org/rgmy1nz0,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/m1gfkzkx,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/exod26ff,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/wm60l1b8,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/wtc2fw7x,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Indian Variation
https://lichess.org/qclxf19z,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/8j9glrzp,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/jr4ss821,,,King's Indian Defense: Semi-Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/f6k159ea,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/wuhk9tfd,,,Philidor Defense: Hanham Variation
https://lichess.org/qbyrcr3d,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/dwu2497z,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/w23b9dc3,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/1xlit8u0,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/jqo0u91v,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Franco-Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/ipu89msk,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/vck9t5e7,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/bb7xlvqi,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/mn2xb5ne,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/ia9xgysi,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/vykpvjyn,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/bif54jmt,,,Vienna Game: Max Lange Defense
https://lichess.org/hhfvo9s8,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/q7en6zqy,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation, Lutikov Variation
https://lichess.org/1jv3b7i3,,,King's Knight Opening: Konstantinopolsky
https://lichess.org/eh2x9bnc,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
