https://lichess.org/bx74u3f1,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/l8zmuwr1,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation
https://lichess.org/bqh5lbzk,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/7exynehg,,,Bishop's Opening: Vienna Hybrid
https://lichess.org/5slxx53p,,,Ruy Lopez: Bird Variation
https://lichess.org/voqwbbew,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/8cw7c97s,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/t6f4ikoi,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/jfd48t9d,,,Sicilian Defense: Najdorf Variation
https://lichess.org/w79lbmsq,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/7uhjbm0p,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/3nuo7m1t,,,Slav Defense: Modern Line
https://lichess.org/0tqfv0wm,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Williams Variation
https://lichess.org/5vkm1fst,,,Caro-Kann Defense: von Hennig Gambit
https://lichess.org/ng4hbwlw,,,Sicilian Defense: Marshall Counterattack
https://lichess.org/qt7845ky,,,King's Indian Defense: Orthodox Variation
https://lichess.org/ihkpdxes,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/buur59z8,,,Sicilian Defense: Marshall Counterattack
https://lichess.org/2epb3kn5,,,Sicilian Defense: Kan Variation, Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/2egvougv,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/fh43z1w9,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/8jqysoag,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/kjt5ul5c,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Vienna Variation
https://lichess.org/4izppw14,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/lup85fyr,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/s273pjmg,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/q0b6qyln,,,Sicilian Defense: Dragon Variation
https://lichess.org/51tpycmd,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/r7zfvtrk,,,Bishop's Opening: Ponziani Gambit
https://lichess.org/2z6ncash,,,Torre Attack #2
https://lichess.org/uqfycik6,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/7k18t1ko,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/3dijg5wu,,,Zukertort Opening: Pirc Invitation
https://lichess.org/erkqnozi,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/uwlorrhq,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Italian Four Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/tr4whped,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/fkdrutsw,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Semi-Tarrasch Defense, Pillsbury Variation
https://lichess.org/1k6hqy2o,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/zt3zubch,,,Sicilian Defense: Hyperaccelerated Fianchetto
https://lichess.org/uw94we2i,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/ygxxmgch,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/afo4px2r,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/yzjc0tgg,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/bwupezkf,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Bishop's Gambit, Maurian Defense
https://lichess.org/1yhtni0y,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/gzecq9cn,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/muywz97a,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #2
https://lichess.org/5nw3gajo,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/px8s7xp2,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/j81jqs94,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/da1dnj8z,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/8odwcet2,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/ihjpa433,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/bh38dt0w,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
https://lichess.org/k9faylyo,,,Slav Defense: Modern Line
https://lichess.org/zn4kd0xd,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/5fzpqjrn,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/w11f0ssx,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Becker Defense
https://lichess.org/vdrntxwi,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/aq8ore8c,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/eqex88f9,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ui432lmp,,,Sicilian Defense: Dragon, 6.Be3
https://lichess.org/yrdne1nb,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/kjnqzsw5,,,Sicilian Defense: Hyperaccelerated Dragon
https://lichess.org/okiephme,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Bishop's Gambit
https://lichess.org/cg3iwlkr,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/7vnavbiz,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Two Knights Variation, Keres Variation
https://lichess.org/zgjqsac6,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/fxrkcihk,,,Benoni Defense: Weenink Variation
https://lichess.org/f3jphdqw,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/frc62vvg,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/1i2v9jr7,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/nbcc13vl,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/6u216h7l,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/fpmjvpsw,,,Bishop's Opening: Ponziani Gambit
https://lichess.org/41pzakpu,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Slav Gambit
https://lichess.org/sztb1yui,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/ypnz3iyw,,,Bishop's Opening: Vienna Hybrid, Spielmann Attack
https://lichess.org/vhunui8n,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/a1ouo8xe,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/74tr0lt8,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/m0ih5acj,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/ggb4fbjv,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/til3g942,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/q8y3oip4,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/ks7o2zy2,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/lmoqp0hn,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/8kgrjx37,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/xkrrut8x,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/ld1znnxd,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/vkxzyox9,,,Alekhine Defense: Two Pawn Attack
https://lichess.org/odtf4a9x,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/zg4mnv3h,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/ffmidvmr,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/1phk3hro,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/hh07xjwa,,,Catalan Opening
https://lichess.org/g6f97bvn,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/d36rc8l5,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/riq5yt5g,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/td688y5o,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
