https://lichess.org/qzf82o1q,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/r59gtz35,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation, Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/dz12x82b,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/1cyah1qb,,,English Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/tlofbk3l,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/hd2p7tlh,,,Ware Defense
https://lichess.org/9jxbns8a,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/6aplegyb,,,Queen's Pawn Game: London System
https://lichess.org/v5qbocpb,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/q2pafgif,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/lpvqzps8,,,Colle System
https://lichess.org/v7pwkwr1,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/0i95ot2f,,,King's Gambit, Falkbeer Countergambit, Blackburne Attack
https://lichess.org/cdgjtlab,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/c2uvu62b,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/y8syo76v,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/mnhjcdgy,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/8fg7605g,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/m0o1bg3a,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/de1pyp2o,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Botvinnik Variation
https://lichess.org/fcn8j4a7,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/z2wkp2kb,,,Slav Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/eri7eyxu,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Caro Variation
https://lichess.org/o8br55sc,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/uj6ql8lx,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/o3q5brc2,,,Danish Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/h3kgfspg,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/78pq1vca,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/ppkyzmsr,,,Old Benoni Defense #2
https://lichess.org/591kn25j,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/3u5fxyh2,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Austrian Defense
https://lichess.org/gm3psbhj,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Neo-Orthodox Variation, Main Line
https://lichess.org/uxhac76p,,,French Defense: Reti-Spielmann Attack
https://lichess.org/k3x6k3e5,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/8sx031th,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/8kmighjk,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/bt4mvn3r,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/zctmbdk5,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/kabikyyp,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/6wtnd7bs,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/wqtyfrah,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/twgqggky,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/zdyneh1w,,,Slav Defense: Slav Gambit, Alekhine Attack
https://lichess.org/6ninta5l,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/k81e78wh,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/idsotu8s,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/0hpizlcn,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/7oq6gss9,,,Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/56uvttsy,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation, Traditional
https://lichess.org/tstk8ij9,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/10etfxd3,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/xssllbs8,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/cvq4ghms,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/hi7r6gzz,,,Modern Defense: Mongredien Defense #2
https://lichess.org/fu9js79g,,,King's Gambit Declined: Falkbeer Countergambit
https://lichess.org/qlj2w701,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/enl4iw8u,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/5sdhhniw,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/62xnadz3,,,Four Knights Game: Spanish Variation, Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/qshncqz7,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ult493h5,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/mfodgwk5,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/42bkqfdf,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/6x8mo4d4,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/zd2xxbl6,,,Vienna Game: Anderssen Defense
https://lichess.org/284kylf5,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/ssw0ggea,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/zqe76oin,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/3tg6e6pk,,,King's Pawn Game: Maroczy Defense
https://lichess.org/3tw7kjp5,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/oiss8gcx,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation
https://lichess.org/5mjwj1k1,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/apyhm6d6,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/kuteua44,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/x4bkrs89,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/tgcv0qqd,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/jykh3qmk,,,King's Knight Opening: Konstantinopolsky
https://lichess.org/i2la4qjp,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/3bu0h6y7,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/mw190k25,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/eff6vjj2,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/bjbebeqa,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/irqzmlwu,,,Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/qc9r492z,,,Danish Gambit Accepted, Copenhagen Defense
https://lichess.org/nkc5zwjo,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/8k0quynd,,,Center Game: Lanc-Arnold Gambit, Schippler Gambit
https://lichess.org/o9qdjx54,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Modern Variation, Normal Line
https://lichess.org/b75a287l,,,Zukertort Opening: Black Mustang Defense
https://lichess.org/pg5edkjl,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed
https://lichess.org/bq6v3y42,,,Scotch Game: Scotch Gambit
https://lichess.org/v9exi6q8,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Stonewall Attack
https://lichess.org/9f3xlymq,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/451egngl,,,Alekhine Defense: Modern Variation, Schmid Variation
https://lichess.org/c180g3bj,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/a6aqxrl7,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/xan7her8,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/4sv8h5be,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/vwrelce3,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/op3rdfev,,,Danish Gambit Declined, Sorensen Defense
https://lichess.org/uyp3yd7m,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
