https://lichess.org/wtt27cs2,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/dxf142go,,,Polish Defense
https://lichess.org/sjbvij1k,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/nk8m1l5y,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/wsaemmq7,,,French Defense: Queen's Knight
https://lichess.org/zsxck0bn,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/5o54o3if,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/jwdvdziw,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/0y93k2p4,,,King's Indian Defense: Petrosian Variation, Normal Defense
https://lichess.org/xy2sc0ci,,,Horwitz Defense: Zilbermints Gambit
https://lichess.org/l35hmdom,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/qoyh51er,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Veresov Attack, Anti-Veresov
https://lichess.org/3qdxdugz,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/errdalzo,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/pghmkx31,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/g9cyktrs,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed
https://lichess.org/u1o4lk3j,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/8s4vv98z,,,Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/lktn20b7,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/crgz2fdz,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Panov Attack, Main Line
https://lichess.org/9n0hgwhf,,,Danish Gambit Accepted, Classical Defense
https://lichess.org/otc31cd8,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit
https://lichess.org/l2rw8kly,,,Queen's Gambit
https://lichess.org/1mmr614k,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation, Central Variation
https://lichess.org/lghdnc4v,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/07bk1b4p,,,System: Double Duck Formation
https://lichess.org/83kbjs2w,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/8ep80f6j,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Austrian Defense
https://lichess.org/3pekcqv2,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/az2u2wao,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/uz6sgonn,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation
https://lichess.org/ms6esmfv,,,Sicilian Defense: Katalimov Variation
https://lichess.org/hkbj1zo0,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/ojsd5uuc,,,Ware Defense
https://lichess.org/v31n1j1f,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/7icwo4wm,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Reversed Sicilian
https://lichess.org/rrc18qdt,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/p3mcj65l,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/mojxugmd,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/yw8izqli,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/1byamgsn,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/sknxg87c,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/3l9j7lxs,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Reversed Sicilian
https://lichess.org/108694eg,,,Alekhine Defense #3
https://lichess.org/5b73fqxj,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/534oezs8,,,French Defense
https://lichess.org/dhcyddq2,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/9h3qwytt,,,Yusupov-Rubinstein System
https://lichess.org/a4wjbuqm,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/k9ce7mcc,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/eend9xqg,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/3ya1qcbe,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/mfz8w41f,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/fhwmxka1,,,Colle System
https://lichess.org/giqyraoi,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #4
https://lichess.org/e2j85ihr,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/ox2eabra,,,Scotch Game: Scotch Gambit, Cochrane-Anderssen Variation
https://lichess.org/yn51tgal,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/i3ee17iy,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/87tznkx3,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/2x4gmz1w,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/nff75osl,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/gb0b0qvc,,,Barnes Opening: Walkerling
https://lichess.org/0gcijck6,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/0b3x2mdd,,,Slav Defense: Quiet Variation, Pin Defense
https://lichess.org/a3p86df9,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/b9emumkv,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/0qw58xtw,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/af4qk3c6,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/squxmlal,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/dg5fy2dl,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/bfm6kfg1,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/gz3r37s7,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/q62xx2r5,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Neo-Arkhangelsk Variation
https://lichess.org/jyoqqkyw,,,Old Benoni Defense #2
https://lichess.org/qnon2wqm,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/ge8yv9gy,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/jnmsb2co,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/of5ahmrd,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/xtzyvdl7,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/gn4x3o99,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/c3btyvxc,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ph3whhzg,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/cdjuv6s1,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/ci6foni0,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/oc3vxwjg,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/tloagaz9,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/4w6pfthi,,,Benoni Defense: Old Benoni
https://lichess.org/gglx01bk,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/adqa9n92,,,King's Pawn Game: Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/fyrm0vfx,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/d8k0s2j1,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/yp4t4jqf,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/pner7m7b,,,Petrov's Defense
https://lichess.org/8h16skx5,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/ohedzhkm,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/v4n0pmlp,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/5qsux9c8,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/a1pc40xd,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/3xlgcq07,,,Sicilian Defense
