https://lichess.org/iejgf7dd,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/7m7x4j7d,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/0wwcpgwh,,,Goldsmith Defense
https://lichess.org/ac54icl5,,,Queen's Pawn Opening: Veresov Attack, Irish Gambit
https://lichess.org/h3i6ze4x,,,Alekhine Defense: Maroczy Variation
https://lichess.org/unde4m6e,,,Philidor Defense: Nimzowitsch Variation
https://lichess.org/o4qt42hs,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
https://lichess.org/9icj9dws,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/2893ied6,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/p4zclwt2,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/h0h5e5fa,,,Russian Game: Cozio (Lasker) Attack
https://lichess.org/0x41sogx,,,Sicilian Defense: Jalalabad Variation
https://lichess.org/sls29ib5,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/2n1ecung,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/q3i50r1d,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/qpdu9cbi,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Bishop's Gambit, Bogoljubov Variation
https://lichess.org/91n1q7x2,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/fmhf00cn,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/zs9bfuly,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Modern Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/8wko9qyg,,,Four Knights Game: Ranken Variation
https://lichess.org/13a5br7c,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/u8kihbo3,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/ebzchtwl,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/dsmx376n,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/tfdk1ybb,,,French Defense: Steiner Variation
https://lichess.org/y0ium58n,,,Budapest Defense: Adler Variation
https://lichess.org/kuqsybq3,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/mmc0gwro,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/kukm7b6z,,,English Opening: Great Snake Variation
https://lichess.org/7p5sffo2,,,Scotch Game: Relfsson Gambit
https://lichess.org/r2z6l21x,,,Bishop's Opening: Vienna Hybrid
https://lichess.org/qw6v19qd,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/t9u759gu,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/aj8i6erw,,,Colle System #2
https://lichess.org/csgws156,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/ax26n2ps,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/dy3icj7k,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/vgrbdwog,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/i6gkyjbl,,,French Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/6483vkow,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/fo4dvwy0,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/jib7mzcx,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/jhid3hhs,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/jkblbzva,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/fis0mqug,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/s6ndtnti,,,Benoni Defense: Old Benoni
https://lichess.org/qbt4ju3m,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/1tee6ywx,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/nlx982dg,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Ziegler Defense
https://lichess.org/b17wz7il,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation, Pseudo-Catalan
https://lichess.org/ws89el57,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/y5nmnsfg,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/rya0j2lf,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Saduleto Variation
https://lichess.org/6b8bzov3,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/87w9ijbh,,,Vienna Game: Mengarini Variation
https://lichess.org/5xfv1dmc,,,Colle System
https://lichess.org/tad6gygx,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/skfkjaln,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/0gq7ie9a,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/yqkfcdbs,,,Ruy Lopez: Bird Variation
https://lichess.org/d5cstd2y,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/w4h22op4,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/kzl4uing,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/utkpu76d,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/wl3n66d6,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/lu7gvozv,,,Budapest Defense: Adler Variation
https://lichess.org/tt5v381m,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/ean2iosa,,,Grob Opening: Grob Gambit
https://lichess.org/jpsu722a,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/liw2dfap,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/v227lx37,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/mqbic0to,,,Dutch Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/o42bklt2,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/r1vd6ya5,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation
https://lichess.org/55b8pmir,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/f663wqcr,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/zbsi28k1,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/l1nejqyf,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/lqq71kyx,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation
https://lichess.org/m1mpdbjj,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/glr46a6v,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/c2abd1lp,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/391y9nnb,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/vtgwqv9f,,,Italian Game: Schilling-Kostic Gambit
https://lichess.org/dfu8r9eb,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/pyxvs3w8,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/m6jeanwf,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
https://lichess.org/efjwcq2s,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Austrian Defense
https://lichess.org/2ie4z27z,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Franco-Nimzowitsch Variation
https://lichess.org/7xis5jlg,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Euwe Defense
https://lichess.org/5lwggleg,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/3q2fzcdr,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/b0qqtat2,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation, de Smet Gambit
https://lichess.org/1zdjr207,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/olqlfjun,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/9tyi9sbr,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/urpvqee2,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/1q079oq5,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/9w03cl53,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/jygag5o9,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
