https://lichess.org/khex2ygz,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/aceihqcl,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/nr8uhbos,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/vncue5io,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/7o72fkm4,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/g31hxu6d,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/dptgf83d,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/83ivgi6d,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/fkjahr5a,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/3gvyj8et,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/och9wuca,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/1tsu9ehz,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/6iw55njg,,,Goldsmith Defense
https://lichess.org/yr7k2deb,,,Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/ggzb21mq,,,Budapest Defense: Adler Variation
https://lichess.org/d7givdcl,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/nnxkdmol,,,Philidor Defense: Philidor Countergambit
https://lichess.org/l7go8xj7,,,Indian Game: East Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/znoccp14,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/11vsafzt,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/s9z3m66j,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Franco-Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/t5xmpiyz,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #4
https://lichess.org/wdlz47sd,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed
https://lichess.org/gajy7g3d,,,Benoni Defense: King's Pawn Line
https://lichess.org/2elhc1jv,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/xxjq1uyx,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/60ucs5ox,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/milz089l,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #2
https://lichess.org/89vjkoey,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Reversed Sicilian
https://lichess.org/ppvp5ats,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/g3p32pug,,,Alekhine Defense: Maroczy Variation
https://lichess.org/xv4eqpgs,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/h5wypas6,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/03e2uclk,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Tarrasch Defense: 4.cxd5 exd5
https://lichess.org/bfi8vuxf,,,Bishop's Opening: Philidor Counterattack
https://lichess.org/yhtbts19,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/7x68hp5z,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/itm8zd0f,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Fischer Defense
https://lichess.org/d63ryg3b,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/41aj127b,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/fl335dfm,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/25rohl5m,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/vulj51xe,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation, Central Variation
https://lichess.org/rhi69g9p,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/bw185bjx,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/nzj9i31o,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/dpb5a7dw,,,Ruy Lopez: Schliemann Defense, Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/uglgym7n,,,King's Pawn Game: Maroczy Defense
https://lichess.org/jcohc36z,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/z2feiq8y,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/h632n4o1,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Reversed Closed Sicilian
https://lichess.org/mdj7px1s,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/a47ui4se,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit
https://lichess.org/um872fr6,,,Ponziani Opening: Jaenisch Counterattack
https://lichess.org/lvop57al,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/1kdz50w2,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/6tqjfqgh,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/ioo36rjz,,,King's Indian Defense: Semi-Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/su6cl1mx,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/erufdq3a,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/f49fua3v,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #2
https://lichess.org/s0wrf3ny,,,Dutch Defense: Raphael Variation
https://lichess.org/1cw35bkl,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/7blais4h,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/ql4t2j7g,,,Philidor Defense #4
https://lichess.org/i2sybs72,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense #3
https://lichess.org/f8uo0mip,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/9wr8vl2p,,,Vienna Game: Zhuravlev Countergambit #2
https://lichess.org/xh4lfx71,,,French Defense: Queen's Knight
https://lichess.org/zh8506md,,,Barnes Defense
https://lichess.org/apgqqw4k,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/o3is687h,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Normal Defense
https://lichess.org/epgrshz9,,,King's Pawn Game: King's Head Opening
https://lichess.org/wt61s1qm,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/y8d4ec51,,,Scotch Game: Malaniuk Variation
https://lichess.org/aix9m0k3,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/zr10vio1,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/zlumeinp,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/syj76b62,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/5061ssrt,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/hs4339qh,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/ta3hkgm6,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Mikenas Variation
https://lichess.org/9ctxl8wq,,,Englund Gambit Complex: Felbecker Gambit
https://lichess.org/g9vhvb8i,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/ox619eul,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/w413marv,,,Indian Game: Budapest Defense
https://lichess.org/ie35zhb0,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/p3shysrp,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Pietrowsky Defense
https://lichess.org/91jmh6c0,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Austrian Defense
https://lichess.org/dius3v67,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/tgvy3lf0,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/nahdfi6v,,,Scandinavian Defense: Boehnke Gambit
https://lichess.org/185k2xzd,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/lbmm5426,,,Alekhine Defense: Two Pawn Attack
https://lichess.org/dx74t3ub,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/we8mefza,,,Latvian Gambit
https://lichess.org/ncwdf0jq,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/jdp0gqyo,,,Sicilian Defense: Najdorf Variation, Opocensky Variation
https://lichess.org/yld4xbsx,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/z7o0r2r6,,,Philidor Defense #3
