https://lichess.org/l9844uqv,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/uuzltnyi,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/qcbwby7b,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/8qj0oe7b,,,Alekhine Defense: Four Pawns Attack, Trifunovic Variation
https://lichess.org/m6kdkox7,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/2mjqnu5z,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/2rn7rohl,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/u1za9ein,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #4
https://lichess.org/x3vn249i,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/7hm2l0ej,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Ryder Gambit
https://lichess.org/1qbt6776,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Anderssen Variation
https://lichess.org/5mjtc7xa,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/sw3ngit6,,,Four Knights Game
https://lichess.org/mt9h2i9c,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/fq9nzets,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/3bclwojr,,,Mikenas Defense
https://lichess.org/spcsnohi,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/2g6dv0vc,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/6ctt4nh7,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/4o2tq5u0,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/7s8upzhb,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/rio5fiyj,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/3dnnmcw3,,,Dutch Defense: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/asixd2iv,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/jcqe2ds5,,,Sicilian Defense: Marshall Counterattack
https://lichess.org/b1uydgmn,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Indian Variation
https://lichess.org/xumv1gbq,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/cs7yawfk,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/3w6urfgh,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/mrd96tod,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Vienna Variation
https://lichess.org/rdocdx2x,,,Creepy Crawly Formation: Classical Defense
https://lichess.org/bfaqv44e,,,King's Gambit Declined, Classical Variation #2
https://lichess.org/n4tos4dj,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/w09rdko8,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/xgmrxvwe,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ygb4fpyr,,,Sicilian Defense: Marshall Counterattack
https://lichess.org/iogjud28,,,Van Geet Opening
https://lichess.org/xh2sezdc,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Breyer Variation
https://lichess.org/eo80w6ym,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/4l94c5is,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/4bx2h6gi,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Normal Defense
https://lichess.org/48owhjxw,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/wjp8j7a3,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/gu1z44ga,,,Bishop's Opening: Calabrese Countergambit
https://lichess.org/0wfd3dem,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/1gpmj646,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/pqu7uak5,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/jqrlt2p1,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/wddudc4s,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/o58nnx5l,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/p79cfio5,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/7ccazuza,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/5azzn47w,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/gfdh18rk,,,Tarrasch Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/tp9naybe,,,King's Knight Opening: Konstantinopolsky
https://lichess.org/xjvjbow2,,,Grob Opening
https://lichess.org/6cbgaeot,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/5rmwn2ir,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/3so6n96s,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/yrbk7xgx,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Two Knights Attack
https://lichess.org/a3l9j74w,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/tbrix1ig,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/6wgjd1hz,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Scandinavian Variation, Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/ucccbeo2,,,Old Benoni Defense #2
https://lichess.org/acz90hgm,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/846s3ggc,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/d7apz18k,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/ceeku4ub,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Barmen Variation
https://lichess.org/h6mbpu6c,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/q82v6hih,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Saduleto Variation
https://lichess.org/m6rmvi5y,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/3tco2lt6,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/5vh5mplo,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense, Beverwijk Variation
https://lichess.org/5qvr2pts,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/a18tm8co,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/ay4ojaio,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Nimzowitsch System
https://lichess.org/r9y5dxvu,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed
https://lichess.org/a2983k2v,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/825y9d6m,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/4dgu5bky,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/6emxkvz5,,,Reti Opening: Reti Accepted
https://lichess.org/77m2qnvi,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/513ady37,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/64sx0nsx,,,Vienna Game
https://lichess.org/4mh8inio,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/50brwg7x,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/glzs6put,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/wz0jf6ba,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/i5smdekz,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Accelerated Panov Attack #2
https://lichess.org/wn6w8btv,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/p5uesdfo,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/71e26hsy,,,Benoni Defense: Old Benoni
https://lichess.org/amc0rrv3,,,Sicilian Defense: Jalalabad Variation
https://lichess.org/e09cfft1,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/fbkkat7c,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/jc1z91t4,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/5z8c2rt4,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/pw78d07d,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/pnbq7qoe,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/92a6yalp,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
