https://lichess.org/tnfogi14,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/j2k2bnjh,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/qu0o3j5o,,,King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/8c3s0u2n,,,Four Knights Game: Spanish Variation
https://lichess.org/q7wymrha,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/t0r81txo,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/uazkdneb,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/7xgzo816,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Ragozin Variation
https://lichess.org/rufbjkmx,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/3uj037x4,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/suhpciie,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/3a1h1vik,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/ol8mroyo,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/e2zfpt8o,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/p48zgzh7,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/9oktq87q,,,French Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/1mhcfxbw,,,King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/6n7btpa4,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/vrc2k9ss,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/mtr81ayn,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/4m0of36v,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/1pldz9qi,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/hav4adru,,,French Defense: Franco-Hiva Gambit II
https://lichess.org/zrznskba,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/pouyv48n,,,French Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/y1a5cgpu,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #2
https://lichess.org/4y8ev8dn,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/9xe3quwu,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/blz0upcz,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/29ux24om,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Pseudo-Spanish Variation
https://lichess.org/g5ekmcfv,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System, Anti-Colle
https://lichess.org/p4mzk01m,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/fx8dfscg,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/uo9zg0tf,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/c3fl1nim,,,Reti Opening: Reti Accepted
https://lichess.org/upml28j6,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/itqyzxsv,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/dpyc6tsu,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System
https://lichess.org/rjt16af1,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Ragozin Variation
https://lichess.org/7iepehov,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/havk5pz7,,,Ponziani Opening
https://lichess.org/ch33ctr4,,,Pirc Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/n0bup6gt,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/0rnb7jmz,,,Dutch Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/1a09vucp,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/wjiev0kk,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/20bkemde,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/jg4idpno,,,Ruy Lopez: Closed Variations
https://lichess.org/hjgiryzj,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/i6np4r8b,,,Semi-Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/juty57my,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/p4s9qben,,,Vienna Game: Stanley Variation
https://lichess.org/h7itkmva,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Italian Four Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/3pbp1xe9,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/ot0j2vib,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/gezkm84x,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/i3inrpnh,,,French Defense: Marshall Variation
https://lichess.org/l1e4wcm1,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/5ftsmnvs,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/kzo51cim,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/9d4tvaac,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/3ec5n7yg,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System, Gruenfeld Formation
https://lichess.org/yfbgq8b6,,,Sicilian Defense: Loewenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/2sm4f52i,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/1ythcfcg,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/6oc9b3vm,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/xysjy6mk,,,French Defense: Franco-Hiva Gambit II
https://lichess.org/vlkp95bt,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/q0yychht,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/927vrel8,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/z0bnhu45,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/uolyfn56,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/s80iwi8w,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/odaqamqa,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Tarrasch Defense, Pseudo-Tarrasch
https://lichess.org/mrc45w4f,,,French Defense: Marshall Variation
https://lichess.org/2h7o3q3i,,,King's Pawn Game: Tayler Opening
https://lichess.org/4bnry7js,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/naqb5bew,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/3fjzzpth,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/nn0ojdr9,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/3c9lmwnd,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/huec61dp,,,Zukertort Opening: Slav Invitation
https://lichess.org/ncp81evt,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Nimzowitsch System
https://lichess.org/reyx4njc,,,English Opening: Caro-Kann Defensive System
https://lichess.org/d5uikmej,,,Modern Defense: Three Pawns Attack
https://lichess.org/vs2jd91u,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/qtn49ssh,,,Duras Gambit
https://lichess.org/pqmn0o88,,,Alekhine Defense: Maroczy Variation
https://lichess.org/allrskm4,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense #3
https://lichess.org/yxv5c7hx,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/6qmvm1y8,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Knight Attack, Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/9cgyv2dm,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/kl734lkc,,,Van Geet Opening: Reversed Nimzowitsch
https://lichess.org/i3083evz,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/sab1i6hw,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/0m39zsoh,,,King's Pawn Game: Maroczy Defense
https://lichess.org/uikt4lhc,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Ryder Gambit
https://lichess.org/p8e7e5p8,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/nu10l9tv,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/rkj7f4hx,,,Scandinavian Defense
