https://lichess.org/29fqrrfv,,,King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/myr1gtp4,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/i7kq67g2,,,Bishop's Opening: Calabrese Countergambit
https://lichess.org/hs1q1udf,,,Sicilian Defense: Marshall Counterattack
https://lichess.org/2t00xumt,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/r5xmqlha,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/ybf9fr0o,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/gyuteaeo,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/ju8sjsdl,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/e5kwo6zf,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/fukrz4se,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System, Anti-Colle
https://lichess.org/atpevd37,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/m46px3g8,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/ev3auw24,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/r1y72o7i,,,Sicilian Defense: Lasker-Pelikan Variation, Retreat Variation
https://lichess.org/qilzcu6o,,,Petrov's Defense #2
https://lichess.org/g0zhbfpq,,,Old Benoni Defense #2
https://lichess.org/jsuvo5yu,,,Sicilian Defense: Kalashnikov Variation
https://lichess.org/hylfafzp,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/c2nqxke5,,,King's Gambit, Falkbeer Countergambit, Nimzowitsch-Marshall Countergambit
https://lichess.org/fzni6zuu,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/i097alpz,,,Polish Opening: Baltic Defense
https://lichess.org/w3y6amqv,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit
https://lichess.org/yyop7zwn,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/vsnehdzu,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/okfvwhti,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/j3x1n930,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/yyvkom0k,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/c9vb88st,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/d107p9wk,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/p2wpvyvu,,,King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/zwwj7vok,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/w02i92ut,,,Scandinavian Defense: Marshall Variation
https://lichess.org/q0wbga24,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Showalter Variation
https://lichess.org/frq111n7,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/5v69nbb7,,,Grob Opening
https://lichess.org/r7520f9x,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/ju65c7s5,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/hb8hn3s9,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/dchyl614,,,King's Pawn Game: Clam Variation, King's Gambit Reversed
https://lichess.org/8rv9wfy3,,,Scandinavian Defense: Blackburne Gambit
https://lichess.org/815bi3xp,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/nfvg9n18,,,French Defense: Tarrasch, Open, 4.exd5 exd5
https://lichess.org/8jsit81d,,,Sicilian Defense: Delayed Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/ufkq974x,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Scandinavian Variation, Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/h103n8l1,,,Vienna Game
https://lichess.org/gqamtacz,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/da1qlrpr,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/9idlhyqi,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/ulr6mz6o,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/yxbvpufy,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/zknexga6,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/sxeo18t8,,,Nimzowitsch Defense, Declined Variation
https://lichess.org/mh7cnosi,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/xdqi9p3o,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Vienna Variation
https://lichess.org/phly0zy8,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/98ickaxv,,,Reti Opening: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/y7w3q83x,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/4lwmt45y,,,Zukertort Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/sp1a0guy,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/bdrxllst,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/br15plhf,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/d93t9200,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/y2ka1vod,,,English Opening: Mikenas-Carls, Sicilian
https://lichess.org/1wr0hbs5,,,French Defense: Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/ze01gtlg,,,Old Benoni Defense #2
https://lichess.org/kvq1f1xt,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/vdl4k0oo,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Paulsen Attack
https://lichess.org/mt3smxrw,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/rfhyk4mx,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/fg5bdtsd,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/fbamk64w,,,Grob Opening: Grob Gambit, Fritz Gambit
https://lichess.org/x6uq2fsi,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Showalter Variation
https://lichess.org/rfwdtu50,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/x9rkfuca,,,French Defense: Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/z15258tk,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Rosenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/jtdl4sw1,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/3e14a5u2,,,Alekhine Defense: Two Pawn Attack
https://lichess.org/kx4atw2o,,,Zukertort Opening: Black Mustang Defense
https://lichess.org/93sixwj2,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/z8gn4g9y,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/o2yj36al,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/wmzu9bf0,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/6j00p7iy,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/ob9f3nbj,,,Petrov's Defense #2
https://lichess.org/m3iz3945,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/sek32s84,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/n3d8bwq5,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense #2
https://lichess.org/wpihkwvp,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/evghorvp,,,Philidor Defense: Hanham Variation
https://lichess.org/trbwlrqm,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/p2wtow60,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/w5c416zh,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/j15a7ggb,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/t4pvxa6o,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/ngwnb7sj,,,French Defense: Queen's Knight
https://lichess.org/l29xxk1e,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/flb1qvjp,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/444mebkx,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/cq464zxb,,,Philidor Defense #3
