https://lichess.org/g8bclvwe,,,Alekhine Defense: Balogh Variation
https://lichess.org/wzmqwn03,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/whbp5mz9,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Orthodox Defense, Botvinnik Variation
https://lichess.org/fch4ic8l,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/5m8zuw0r,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/5euz6f06,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/etvn173v,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/7y4tw3d0,,,Scandinavian Defense: Gubinsky-Melts Defense
https://lichess.org/7n8ijvyt,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Pseudo-Spanish Variation
https://lichess.org/l9xuq6e5,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/fynfy5gz,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/ro6yxdi6,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/h5ph3r27,,,Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/w6uzehyc,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/3h2n434n,,,Scotch Game: Scotch Gambit
https://lichess.org/tesyjx4t,,,Czech Defense
https://lichess.org/y4zipv3v,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Knight Attack
https://lichess.org/2pu3h9al,,,Mikenas Defense
https://lichess.org/j6et6t9g,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/fg7csec6,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed
https://lichess.org/s6sndi0t,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/qd7d925y,,,King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/xk0gbcpx,,,Yusupov-Rubinstein System
https://lichess.org/kqi71c0p,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/xgdhsd3c,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/r9l65d56,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/v87xd615,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/vefx92rg,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/mhero6vp,,,Zukertort Opening: Vos Gambit
https://lichess.org/sdusynfz,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/h6j64np3,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/xx7tirao,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/ddvbtjr9,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: 4.Bg5 Be7
https://lichess.org/yn5w2rd1,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/5yuhtlp4,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/vdykenrg,,,Gruenfeld Defense: Stockholm Variation
https://lichess.org/6ixr8fg3,,,Four Knights Game: Spanish Variation
https://lichess.org/lruen855,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/w8nzxzx0,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/ov2b73ny,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/8vjd43s1,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/7o0qngm3,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/4hw9mipo,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/3vuell0z,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/mdyrsmyd,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense, Improved Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/ce94pyk4,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/iy58iqfk,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/f31cjslz,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/sebn7u2q,,,Ponziani Opening
https://lichess.org/9yu4k0pl,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/aq2whlmk,,,Scandinavian Defense: Marshall Variation
https://lichess.org/kbrm1hg7,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation
https://lichess.org/5vp562ie,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/ot5eig0g,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/k9jsgz8n,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/g3v5hfyb,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/hj2oa149,,,Bird Opening: From's Gambit
https://lichess.org/hflyayhl,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/7xqjqp6e,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/9b9ojwuo,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
https://lichess.org/r6qacecz,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/w6gzwpmm,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/ea0ekbll,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/48p4w5kp,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/n3ap590h,,,Semi-Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/88ztg5n8,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/uda0xxcc,,,Hungarian Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/u4gfo8ph,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/bvq54sc6,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/gnulp66m,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/fz5c96bw,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/j5emin4o,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
https://lichess.org/vhhd7p1g,,,Latvian Gambit
https://lichess.org/t0c8qtdx,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/nvrvfdm9,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/uzangsdh,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
https://lichess.org/upqw093o,,,Gruenfeld Defense
https://lichess.org/wceu0f15,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Rosenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/xk0vomuw,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/muzqpwws,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/x187w71z,,,Hungarian Opening: Reversed Alekhine
https://lichess.org/7pwai0nt,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/4vn4n07p,,,English Opening: Caro-Kann Defensive System
https://lichess.org/1iqks282,,,East Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/27w01vsq,,,Sicilian Defense: Kramnik Variation
https://lichess.org/547n2n2x,,,King's Pawn Game: Beyer Gambit
https://lichess.org/yfmprubl,,,Petrov's Defense #2
https://lichess.org/8lz5560n,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Normal Defense
https://lichess.org/alo0hziw,,,King's Pawn Game: Mengarini's Opening
https://lichess.org/qd2814kh,,,Sicilian Defense: Loewenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/dskl179j,,,Petrov's Defense
https://lichess.org/41rgshb5,,,French Defense: Advance, Steinitz Variation
https://lichess.org/vbzaz4rd,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/h30vdwde,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation, Zukertort Gambit
https://lichess.org/70nntj13,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/1htfoutt,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/8r2xeemq,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/05dqjto7,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/ca0rhqtt,,,French Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/3u9xg88z,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Orthodox Defense, Botvinnik Variation
