https://lichess.org/wwszn7ea,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/2ru6zund,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/rwvuylyg,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/9g83vuiz,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/w9e4ha48,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/qm19tlrj,,,King's Gambit, Falkbeer Countergambit, Staunton Line
https://lichess.org/4u0g9gj7,,,Alekhine Defense: Krejcik Variation, Krejcik Gambit
https://lichess.org/b4dsfqla,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/55s4d5fq,,,Alekhine Defense: John Tracy Gambit
https://lichess.org/dch18raw,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/36elh6su,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/slkrli06,,,King's Gambit, Falkbeer Countergambit, Staunton Line
https://lichess.org/w7vs2lx8,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/vba8f00h,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/85gts3fz,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/jd4hi3bt,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/i3ul2xud,,,Zukertort Opening: Reversed Mexican Defense
https://lichess.org/ovemqvji,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/71pbhncn,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/83jwcbxi,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/f95m3q34,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation Accepted
https://lichess.org/54jksqto,,,Hungarian Opening: Slav Formation
https://lichess.org/16i6kj44,,,Alekhine Defense: Two Pawn Attack, Lasker Variation
https://lichess.org/m6r3g5mw,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/0zs5dk3j,,,Hungarian Opening: Slav Formation
https://lichess.org/mj3wzme1,,,Alekhine Defense: Scandinavian Variation
https://lichess.org/rr7lng8p,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/o0g5k8xd,,,Center Game: Paulsen Attack Variation
https://lichess.org/ttnrh97i,,,Hungarian Opening: Slav Formation
https://lichess.org/w24o8c5x,,,Alekhine Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ssrdwbnf,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/6jpbxi1t,,,Scandinavian Defense: Panov Transfer
https://lichess.org/rsoolbxs,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/mq818dau,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/kcl59w4z,,,Hungarian Opening: Slav Formation
https://lichess.org/857al752,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/9z9jtsna,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/zhwz7jnh,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/god39jr9,,,Hungarian Opening: Slav Formation
https://lichess.org/iko7t28a,,,Englund Gambit Complex: Hartlaub-Charlick Gambit
https://lichess.org/j1lei6rt,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/icf96zti,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/ifnud7pi,,,Alekhine Defense: Two Pawn Attack, Lasker Variation
https://lichess.org/1qf5zn72,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/7uveobjh,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/vokcq1jx,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/gwtinbr7,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/6syuzpr7,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/ugy31zop,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/ejfrpinc,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/2ss6loq8,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
https://lichess.org/dw7xfltq,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/luh1zhpk,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation, Linksspringer Variation
https://lichess.org/rwvsluop,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/sunvt02z,,,Rat Defense: Harmonist
https://lichess.org/j5ls5g9c,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/hv2iafut,,,Petrov's Defense #2
https://lichess.org/5aoqedsc,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/5yvik07q,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/2hzmaofi,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/6p7cibny,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/e1es8znm,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Modern Variation
https://lichess.org/9ozhen4k,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/2feuxp7c,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/l2xids2o,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/vu7jjg8z,,,Duras Gambit
https://lichess.org/gq6p42r6,,,King's Indian Attack: Keres Variation #2
https://lichess.org/4nr3a72n,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/kyvfdofa,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/0mmd5i34,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/vowo1296,,,Owen Defense: Smith Gambit
https://lichess.org/he823hle,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/q9iv5fn5,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/a6ywmtw1,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/i3jrdst9,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/7902wm5k,,,Kadas Opening
https://lichess.org/lo0txtao,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/z7uuvj11,,,Russian Game: Damiano Variation
https://lichess.org/9t139d4e,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/1d3rlluy,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/i45axt8u,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/xjwc978k,,,Italian Game: Scotch Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/r53wvy4u,,,Sicilian Defense: Chekhover Variation
https://lichess.org/uxs90kxo,,,Hungarian Opening: Slav Formation
https://lichess.org/5h2on4f3,,,Hungarian Opening: Slav Formation
https://lichess.org/1i8q7y6c,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/9phdhmzj,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/le59ynx4,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/xqtw8op9,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/rneroqn8,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/exai2bun,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/fz8qqwry,,,Hungarian Opening: Slav Formation
https://lichess.org/vnp49dca,,,Ponziani Opening: Jaenisch Counterattack
https://lichess.org/uf203ptd,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/v5r6e1lk,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/9mhrwhi7,,,Hungarian Opening: Slav Formation
https://lichess.org/6yyuvgbr,,,King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/s20ddc8n,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/al86z7ub,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/jpqatuy3,,,English Defense #2
