https://lichess.org/6f81ghkq,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/184e06fo,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/abkfiaj8,,,Slav Defense: Modern Line
https://lichess.org/98e1ip3j,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/g1bsnsdg,,,French Defense: Winawer Variation, Alekhine-Maroczy Gambit
https://lichess.org/1htrk40w,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/o37df4ok,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/ck10gmb2,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/xkbkx9oq,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/ls7tvutj,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/zhl9evby,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/9igvjcxy,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/wqqrxw9s,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/jla0mayh,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/gxzm4ktk,,,Dutch Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/mr21tghu,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #4
https://lichess.org/7r6bsukd,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/x0qmvb52,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/wumzizmy,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/6xlxt04f,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/0r4i47yw,,,English Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/xycw1b39,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense #3
https://lichess.org/r8u3kb3c,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/fy10ync4,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense #3
https://lichess.org/aei3znmp,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/r232c1pk,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/otnrrtgb,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/ffd6iab0,,,Modern Defense: Mongredien Defense #2
https://lichess.org/z8iwkxub,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/hovg3q75,,,Vienna Game: Stanley Variation
https://lichess.org/w8hog830,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/2sc0kdxc,,,Dutch Defense: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/annpcalm,,,King's Indian Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/42zk7em2,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed
https://lichess.org/pqlhlh7u,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/rrqy6m3c,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/8bd49oyo,,,Petrov's Defense #2
https://lichess.org/4xugr1g8,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/es9vbfo9,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/ztfclcix,,,Nimzowitsch-Larsen Attack: Polish Variation
https://lichess.org/ahftfshy,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/h90gt5tl,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/nf1kjsxu,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Scandinavian Variation, Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/0wyh6smo,,,King's Pawn Game: Macleod Attack
https://lichess.org/d7hwltn2,,,Reti Opening: Reti Accepted
https://lichess.org/vq8bm3l8,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/hl194ef5,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/tjb5gvn0,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation, Monte Carlo Variation
https://lichess.org/1k3kj19d,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/ht107flv,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: 4.Bg5 Be7
https://lichess.org/j0gtygod,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/l2hc9fsm,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed
https://lichess.org/scnhhon7,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/98lnhm5y,,,Petrov: Modern Attack
https://lichess.org/f3ji53jv,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/xmlbxms1,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/4uqoub84,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Two Knights Attack
https://lichess.org/288sbey8,,,Indian Game: Wade-Tartakower Defense
https://lichess.org/sqdecgro,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/zsxp11an,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense
https://lichess.org/s3gzyjja,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/wtqndq7d,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/rrj6ofr9,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/3buvdv8x,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/j6mvxu4w,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/sbjiuqlu,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/z7k4nr8b,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/ut678ul8,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/51nilgpl,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/tkxsq0b6,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/11upme15,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/vbz71768,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/jy42244y,,,Alekhine Defense: Krejcik Variation
https://lichess.org/hgvi5106,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/h94fv2gk,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/v9qmgxl5,,,Scotch Game: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/6cx50bef,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/6s7pui1n,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/b4me1myj,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/aq61020f,,,Dutch Defense: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/33vriers,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/0087o5sq,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/z897l8bo,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/9q2luq83,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/f6rc9eul,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/p5axnto6,,,Rat Defense: Antal Defense
https://lichess.org/olaq8sop,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/a0yl6w8p,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/0z0z1ac2,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/hqkqjxu0,,,Zukertort Opening: Quiet System
https://lichess.org/g5qv0dkc,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/8ofkj1ki,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/7s5avhe4,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/yiithrrr,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/e2vrwdsk,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/6ow0mmxe,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/8xz3jo2m,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/bf82akke,,,Sicilian Defense: Katalimov Variation
https://lichess.org/d6qjb925,,,Ruy Lopez: Spanish Countergambit
https://lichess.org/d6ce0u5z,,,Mieses Opening
