https://lichess.org/6vb1vgy1,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/ik85sn2j,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/bmhbxi5p,,,Scotch Game: Scotch Gambit
https://lichess.org/13r53txf,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/c1yc6b5w,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/0kvdorpa,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation
https://lichess.org/xfrqdkqe,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation, Greco Gambit, Traditional Line
https://lichess.org/d2ycgf51,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/80sop1br,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/v3umwsel,,,Catalan Opening: Closed Variation
https://lichess.org/g5exfwr8,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/83fpus7z,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/lxcs55fg,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/ov90i5b1,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/amcb2gwu,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/oodnphb2,,,King's Gambit: Panteldakis Countergambit
https://lichess.org/gjkpivtk,,,English Opening: Caro-Kann Defensive System
https://lichess.org/nzemsno2,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/nikcyy3f,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/uk87n79k,,,French Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/xhunnohj,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/zxco0q6o,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/6wfaj86x,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/4xulp14o,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/yh263sno,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/t9k1mu03,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/rka7vp2n,,,Tarrasch Defense: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/3y8ci481,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/ejqeozvj,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/f5vkoxau,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/u77kih4s,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/kclh9wf1,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/ey27vv8o,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/9zfz9awb,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/14od2bh3,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/eeunukhq,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense
https://lichess.org/j1mwud1i,,,King's Pawn Opening: 2.b3
https://lichess.org/pcn9zas9,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/k4l3ddwi,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/46f47kbj,,,Center Game: Kieseritzky Variation #4
https://lichess.org/enif3qra,,,Pirc Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/b0jojtl9,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/5nzbi64l,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/q7oat9vn,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/qrty30gc,,,Sicilian Defense: Franco-Sicilian Variation
https://lichess.org/mjajswcg,,,Caro-Kann Defense #2
https://lichess.org/dissclx9,,,Sicilian Defense: Sozin Attack
https://lichess.org/po4e9kvy,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen Variation
https://lichess.org/5rd378ed,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/ovkcxoey,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation, Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/jtnweha6,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/ls5kjbfh,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/23h5242t,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/ypv0fd6n,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/exbvrc95,,,Bishop's Opening: Vienna Hybrid
https://lichess.org/qcpz81i9,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
https://lichess.org/14017pvx,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/ulss4vvq,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/d9r9v8lp,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/l4wfn2bq,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/9crohibi,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/ibudc9cp,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/yb8wd1vy,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/mxopzak2,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/ngvzbpw3,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/d3jdj8lg,,,King's Pawn Opening: 2.b3
https://lichess.org/bf5e2n96,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/nbct8bt3,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/fo4rdu3w,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/crkxjqh6,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/p0nwono0,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/oxj569yi,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/ra3enlec,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/b17myuz3,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/gf2ygudw,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/mw5yvmfq,,,Pirc Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/1u4w8vjq,,,Semi-Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/bdjxzxwm,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/zbgzou4b,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/ofmxnw18,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/tlt294dp,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/cbqjuytn,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/8fknzjgo,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Stonewall Attack
https://lichess.org/vc2jaelc,,,Scotch Game: Benima Defense
https://lichess.org/bstce80l,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/16n2ih7q,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
https://lichess.org/annv9543,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/eh00aog6,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/whewmocb,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation, Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/9fgtq86x,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/rmsrqghq,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/43753axq,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/zcx6wnb2,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/8l91c8cy,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/dtdqsse2,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/i3fpumxe,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/ia34jvu6,,,Pirc Defense: Classical Variation, Quiet System
https://lichess.org/wrdnatfz,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/0o43u5fu,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/zfn7doux,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
