https://lichess.org/7x5jivwr,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/c1uvcygl,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/0d107xhu,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/k104mkn8,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/2s1piup9,,,Vienna Game: Max Lange Defense
https://lichess.org/abgs9xks,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/478ykhtr,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/qbs77f3f,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/lsmdds1m,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/d39x29my,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/kbci4emw,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/dj0rnmz8,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/9neen0iv,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/nguer6l2,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/30jdt2p2,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense
https://lichess.org/yofthh5r,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/yg1bdapt,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit
https://lichess.org/yt5r9ccf,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/hx1xm81f,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/91r9utpo,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/yd4z6y2y,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/hx5y0g2b,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/x8e5b18l,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/clkics2z,,,Scotch Game: Classical Variation, Intermezzo Variation
https://lichess.org/73oibxnd,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/blkcg5wn,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/b9yppqt3,,,Colle System
https://lichess.org/wbbciccr,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/zl965a52,,,Ponziani Opening: Jaenisch Counterattack
https://lichess.org/tblu6i8l,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/cvxhjfbn,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/z687s5ya,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/8bqivc80,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/wbhpz7mf,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/9e3hj0lb,,,Goldsmith Defense
https://lichess.org/zudrfmpp,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/yrs5jdvf,,,Polish Opening: Czech Defense
https://lichess.org/0fh8mbzi,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
https://lichess.org/iyzadmfc,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/48chhzxk,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/t1gwkjm9,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/gqu5rufp,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/c4j9pygh,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/ycjqh6di,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/z7sj03dg,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Semi-Tarrasch Defense
https://lichess.org/waq4q63k,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/gbwqkx6a,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/bapay5de,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/10uqxd1y,,,Russian Game: Modern Attack, Symmetrical Variation #2
https://lichess.org/vljutlli,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/d9zthfrv,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/ciifeio5,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/oneekbsq,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
https://lichess.org/tox4kcvq,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/0qswks5j,,,Goldsmith Defense
https://lichess.org/1dt0b6hv,,,Goldsmith Defense
https://lichess.org/qpxcttba,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit Deferred
https://lichess.org/ryqw2a4z,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/e6pj7b6v,,,Owen Defense: Smith Gambit
https://lichess.org/hy5x1810,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/x27cy2hd,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/3pmjpxsd,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/14423huj,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/aj7syejs,,,Zukertort Opening: Black Mustang Defense
https://lichess.org/reo42lkz,,,Ruy Lopez: Bird Variation
https://lichess.org/tkg2zrmp,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/ne4rvgi9,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/18idy4dv,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Blachly Gambit
https://lichess.org/8382nliv,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/qyovt0l6,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/d230uxoi,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/9fxh534o,,,Pirc Defense: Roscher Gambit
https://lichess.org/54htil4p,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zurich Gambit
https://lichess.org/x016zqgq,,,Sicilian Defense: Franco-Sicilian Variation
https://lichess.org/193b4oew,,,English Opening: Symmetrical Variation, Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/772dgd0p,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/ypk5rdbt,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/ky71vgqs,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/bxd6ysgr,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/ynn07fcr,,,King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/wr3m13rs,,,Dutch Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/hj1q4yfm,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/zozxiv4g,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/hh6i9mdd,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/vlqexn6h,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation, King's Bishop Variation
https://lichess.org/xjwe8zz4,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/gr7u29ho,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/rtafok4o,,,King's Pawn
https://lichess.org/f5xva0lb,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation, Lutikov Variation
https://lichess.org/iqsw3dy6,,,Scandinavian Defense: Marshall Variation
https://lichess.org/i1kvqp3p,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System, Anti-Colle
https://lichess.org/aipz5gy6,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #3
https://lichess.org/qhn5f7bj,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/qqdyi972,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/yawbavmn,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/jbn92ahc,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/1ss6ybww,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/ndemm9sb,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/ezfvndd5,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/qiuu10ti,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
