https://lichess.org/2ut7ob3x,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/dj0da6mz,,,Zukertort Opening: Black Mustang Defense
https://lichess.org/v0qva7bw,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/ccj5m5u5,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/uvh848ov,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Knight Attack
https://lichess.org/1jwkp9j1,,,Bird Opening: From's Gambit
https://lichess.org/pn09n1ed,,,Scandinavian Defense: Gubinsky-Melts Defense
https://lichess.org/jrtv3jzd,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/om3pztvl,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed
https://lichess.org/r0zqzwx8,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/pmpapwas,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/8ft7yrxl,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/d59a9yqt,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/mst2b7vu,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/n1sjgadt,,,Sicilian Defense: Dragon Variation, Modern Bc4 Variation
https://lichess.org/ay39ni9m,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/pyepmiml,,,English Opening: Symmetrical Variation, Duchamp Variation
https://lichess.org/8gxfq4p9,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/t6zoj021,,,King's Pawn Opening: 2.b3
https://lichess.org/rwtggncn,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/gm0jbxu7,,,Ware Opening
https://lichess.org/zf3r20ae,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/f4lprv3j,,,English Opening: Symmetrical Variation, Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/1zzm5ah3,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/4p98ionu,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/9vt7anlj,,,Four Knights Game
https://lichess.org/n4bhrgvs,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/z30ov53e,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/k4ob8wmc,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/u47go4kl,,,Slav Defense: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/86ka7qeo,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Franco-Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/he85l11u,,,Scandinavian Defense: Icelandic-Palme Gambit
https://lichess.org/ieup4ork,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/gq50a0cw,,,Torre Attack
https://lichess.org/o9zpi812,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/5svd71la,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/flu5xwc4,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/xd6tsrg5,,,Four Knights Game
https://lichess.org/ngt6aszc,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/galf8xd9,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/vno0qijk,,,Ponziani Opening: Jaenisch Counterattack
https://lichess.org/qq1g3xk4,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation, Normal
https://lichess.org/9sq4s9wg,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/beeohzob,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/n1p1w0oq,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/alryfp7m,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/lkdpwstj,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/nx9a2nz8,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/m9x7jve7,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/mlv8nwun,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/09sw504q,,,Four Knights Game
https://lichess.org/0uavtbzx,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/td65mazi,,,Gunderam Defense
https://lichess.org/uj1hrp6m,,,Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/riaywoy0,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/80u0lk61,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Polerio Defense, Bishop Check Line
https://lichess.org/wadixdum,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/p946eh0r,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/xy96qbce,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/dsf8q9n0,,,Four Knights Game: Spanish Variation
https://lichess.org/6i4r2hvq,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/hrr16sfo,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/kcdfl0ah,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/q3dtpcr8,,,King's Indian Defense: Zinnowitz Variation
https://lichess.org/juiy5tt5,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/0n3pqmlj,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/u7zpcr0e,,,Benoni Defense: Old Benoni
https://lichess.org/k1pgs26n,,,Four Knights Game
https://lichess.org/xqq3cmys,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation, Traditional
https://lichess.org/02jz0myw,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Franco-Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/phej7rph,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/2jq5ksxb,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/qlk9efrc,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/godjp2ww,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/11spjkcg,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/sotardmf,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Accelerated Move Order
https://lichess.org/7optjdey,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/3hj2b6dq,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/7ftnetwi,,,Sicilian Defense: Kan Variation, Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/4h034y9m,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/fyk3h63m,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/ov87w5ko,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/ev8speye,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/ke3ublry,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/e414tzd4,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/2ce0h6rd,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/w5ubtfzx,,,Vienna Game
https://lichess.org/87a10kqo,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/bko43ts9,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/yfkajlng,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/3j20faoj,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/4rsdp72u,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/2nizswv3,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/nr8w2adr,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/pwijntyf,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/g6x73ozx,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/5hckp736,,,East Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/angxfopc,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/ufjq6975,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/ux86qtk0,,,Scandinavian Defense
