https://lichess.org/wx8hz597,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/4acvgzxo,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/cm9awp6w,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/stfax597,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/ajpznzh3,,,Scotch Game: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/h7vmemeg,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/sy818xpy,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/uhwqsymb,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/by4nfng1,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/bw9r8d6k,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/r1h0570l,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/jagolkap,,,French Defense: Bird Invitation
https://lichess.org/ah6oqjyr,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/l7tsf4zh,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Fried Liver Attack
https://lichess.org/9sslpxt5,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/74jlsgg6,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation, Short Variation
https://lichess.org/x0l4ndqh,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/736o1goq,,,Bishop's Opening: Philidor Variation
https://lichess.org/v8lcoma9,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/2o5w4en6,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/csohfyj8,,,Scandinavian Defense: Panov Transfer
https://lichess.org/i6kr4e3a,,,Indian Game: Pawn Push Variation
https://lichess.org/b9p8habq,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/jgewbz5o,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/h3suan5s,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/l3dqk0og,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/h6xf8t5k,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/pb3oh558,,,Scandinavian Defense: Panov Transfer
https://lichess.org/smrcb8by,,,Dutch Defense: Fianchetto Attack
https://lichess.org/n288444e,,,Russian Game: Cozio (Lasker) Attack
https://lichess.org/rnh1k1ny,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/gxtdo2if,,,Owen Defense: Wind Gambit
https://lichess.org/i5h3ev72,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/lsnh92az,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/v5xqf496,,,Italian Game: Schilling-Kostic Gambit
https://lichess.org/o1gz3gwd,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation
https://lichess.org/m6fyfgsb,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/v8rd3rs3,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/pzw0bmkv,,,Semi-Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/zfy1hgtf,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/ylzzkv4y,,,Zukertort Opening: Kingside Fianchetto
https://lichess.org/w43ghc69,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/7eclujuo,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/6t0ri0ih,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/6sm2w9x3,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Kramnik-Shirov Counterattack
https://lichess.org/iy9i1a39,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/7trk6lx5,,,King's Indian Attack: French Variation
https://lichess.org/54l145fr,,,Old Benoni Defense #2
https://lichess.org/2b2un9w2,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/8quuxdtd,,,Elephant Gambit: Paulsen Countergambit
https://lichess.org/e1bukvs3,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/8yqr7gvi,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/3ej79uzh,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/9kqxrtsm,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/0qm7jher,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ewn9i36z,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/v2wckah0,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/5wkp1np5,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/7qry3ev9,,,King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/5vzuur9o,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/tm5g02we,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/co0sl7pj,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/yiahg9lm,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Franco-Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/iuv3bp9w,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
https://lichess.org/vedkkeu3,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/lopbodnf,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/13cuesld,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/2sgmy5sp,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/dq46xa4a,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/z9pkbjhg,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/vahbz3m2,,,Reti Opening: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/5l9m3exx,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/aheclnuk,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/2g9x2nav,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/t60oz5fr,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/f175qd4i,,,Slav Defense: Modern Line
https://lichess.org/sub6vv0k,,,Slav Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/unornvwk,,,Queen's Gambit
https://lichess.org/495pkn08,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/8jwf8e7m,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/tz3i3nd7,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Franco-Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/ns7xmw4l,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/d2vbml7d,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/i97nutfq,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/5dhf4vhn,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense, Improved Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/5fmyl8ag,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/8ontneo0,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation #2
https://lichess.org/oev8ohr3,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/rxiqncge,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/tz5evtv0,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/o9tef595,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/3zb7tafz,,,Indian Game: East Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/8gf32ntn,,,King's Gambit Accepted: Modern Defense #2
https://lichess.org/4q4dr7cs,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/1htu1itm,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/xocvn4zi,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/i8xcbc1f,,,Scotch Game: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/av70ptqn,,,French Defense: Steiner Variation
https://lichess.org/i1wm3xlg,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/23bkwp8g,,,Scandinavian Defense
