https://lichess.org/e15phrkn,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/8p0mjmfp,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/7bsygf2f,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/3ptd4oo9,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/xap1cquu,,,Queen's Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/lzu3948j,,,Dutch Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/i4hj7umq,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/wffs84e8,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/f5cp6jbj,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/3cmlxg56,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense #3
https://lichess.org/9lekznee,,,French Defense: Bird Invitation
https://lichess.org/p9cdcq8u,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/iexjr1mc,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/jge28vta,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/5s5t7dpr,,,Tarrasch Defense: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/y6bdm31h,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/01d43zax,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/mlyk2g7r,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/ewgmkjzc,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/vn8454cj,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/0bfpvpyw,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/u3zxbq99,,,Vienna Game: Max Lange Defense
https://lichess.org/vvkh391x,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/alu648nj,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/u2qknkaf,,,Dutch Defense: Raphael Variation
https://lichess.org/bqqk63q1,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/zzmhke45,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/wjn67ks2,,,Latvian Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/czemj89d,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Italian Four Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/tvdktnh9,,,Tarrasch Defense: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/t36w894d,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/jv1zqgn2,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/waby7xer,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/oq6m46w3,,,Rat Defense: English Rat
https://lichess.org/hmr9hhub,,,Rat Defense: Accelerated Gurgenidze
https://lichess.org/vd81lzs9,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/j7o899or,,,Dutch Defense: Raphael Variation
https://lichess.org/e4kjimfx,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/fbaqjpj7,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/fiiipgqr,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/z4p5j5uy,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/hozbcq31,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/1j3dfx3m,,,Latvian Gambit
https://lichess.org/f1k7le9j,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/5wdnrrmn,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/y3bwzosm,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation #2
https://lichess.org/wv80iwrp,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/m9uhp7mz,,,Dutch Defense: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/foppg0l5,,,Ponziani Opening
https://lichess.org/po5ij9bx,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/2zamwyjz,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/gcp75y1f,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/qxss1quz,,,Scotch Game: Relfsson Gambit
https://lichess.org/66e0zykx,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/ysx9dawj,,,Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/294vvdyv,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/q4ulhvgi,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/5juvpbp6,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/m2anmw2t,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Italian Four Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/m9qluww9,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/rjkmff0u,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/9994xxjf,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/pkvha2zt,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/124ysup9,,,Dutch Defense: Raphael Variation
https://lichess.org/xmz5qfyi,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/syi5m2uu,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/ikaqzjyd,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/wi2zrg1f,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/zl95xli3,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/ahg8264s,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/k5ur479k,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/52a7h478,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/4tn1tuuk,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/8y9mrork,,,Dutch Defense: Raphael Variation
https://lichess.org/lfc38v8p,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/8cavj3jn,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/8i1xfbwu,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/ro3rzw6m,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/jkt7fut6,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/r0gdl7cw,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/t5b9i1gs,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/fknhi8zt,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation, Center Attack
https://lichess.org/sqj12kke,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense #3
https://lichess.org/ujeyxlis,,,Dutch Defense: Raphael Variation
https://lichess.org/l5h464lw,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/2cdsj8zu,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Tartakower Variation
https://lichess.org/99scd3vz,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation Accepted
https://lichess.org/2ake5ig1,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/48uh6jsn,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/j33kt1if,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/vx5p18mm,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/k940v806,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/jyvo0e3l,,,Dutch Defense: Raphael Variation
https://lichess.org/u26pwufb,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/lgyzr7u4,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/d5aht72q,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/2iemktsn,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/m1ff2ttq,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/2q3izzar,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/mydnltt0,,,Dutch Defense: Staunton Gambit Accepted
