https://lichess.org/f4ked9nj,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/wg1aeryd,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/fm7fj86t,,,Russian Game: Cozio (Lasker) Attack
https://lichess.org/w95qvzsh,,,Mikenas Defense: Lithuanian Variation
https://lichess.org/wk1xaeqy,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/ltsm20ui,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/nifthq1k,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/xxxdjquw,,,Colle System
https://lichess.org/rnc15uqx,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/dkqzdsqo,,,Sicilian Defense: Grand Prix Attack
https://lichess.org/b6tac41e,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/x2d4lkix,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/0p8n9ntz,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/tgtwciw8,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/m9fszcia,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/3h8q47rj,,,Queen's Pawn Game: London System
https://lichess.org/qzfjsx4m,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/ut6ovuoc,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/oc327frz,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/nthm0z64,,,King's Gambit Accepted: Modern Defense #2
https://lichess.org/80punyy9,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #4
https://lichess.org/k2s1yz89,,,French Defense: Paulsen Variation
https://lichess.org/2tkwisj7,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/8aws6rvc,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/8qm346dz,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/ci30s0xl,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Saduleto Variation
https://lichess.org/oawlu4lv,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/mkhxbuo7,,,Sicilian Defense: Hyperaccelerated Dragon
https://lichess.org/3x9udvq3,,,Slav Defense: Modern
https://lichess.org/fy1smu1c,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/lakr983s,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/5nj0tfma,,,Hungarian Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/035i0ev8,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation
https://lichess.org/o3tgd2ul,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Pseudo-Tarrasch Variation
https://lichess.org/eotj8c7m,,,Pirc Defense
https://lichess.org/ss4uh15o,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/45y4kw2g,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/0vl31nfy,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/ugiykr8p,,,English Opening: Anglo-Indian Defense, Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/emh08y95,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/n8lujppt,,,Alekhine Defense: Scandinavian Variation
https://lichess.org/bg49cx3a,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/60ul91fl,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/jk2zg25t,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/oks4br31,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/cynqwbeh,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/3q8a6est,,,Dutch Defense: Korchnoi Attack
https://lichess.org/6d08q43u,,,Russian Game: Damiano Variation
https://lichess.org/7kzi4cu5,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/faglq8zx,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/0rsu3pru,,,Sicilian Defense: Open
https://lichess.org/kecb7xd6,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/cc268lvu,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/0ohxx44e,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System
https://lichess.org/iif9rzoh,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/y9a7mq4l,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/9qqzz6jq,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/vft7dh9x,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/66ojb9yg,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/33scf6wx,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/4iecnat1,,,Vienna Game: Stanley Variation
https://lichess.org/mcp81n71,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/1p81vand,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/kdrhk71i,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/x3745ohs,,,Anderssen Opening
https://lichess.org/q61k38o4,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/3apjduem,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System
https://lichess.org/28ondazk,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/ve6wivs6,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/5yz2bfy2,,,French Defense: Winawer Variation
https://lichess.org/5fm58bjs,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/etdy4699,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/8h5p93gk,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/rl27jq80,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/0qmw0v5k,,,Nimzowitsch Defense, Declined Variation
https://lichess.org/mzlwzclb,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/usmtpb2b,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/oi0z6pmk,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/5a4et14d,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/xwh0jwzo,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/wydeomak,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Scandinavian Variation, Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/0l20i6ae,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/ul4anywq,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/snf4l9lx,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/bvn5y1hi,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/69qp0f5r,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/v75wwdlw,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/jb457hdm,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Mikenas Variation
https://lichess.org/co2sgv1m,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Tartakower Variation
https://lichess.org/t5ao5dc9,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System
https://lichess.org/m5ulb4k1,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/k8sijim9,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Austrian Defense
https://lichess.org/o38a3nc1,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Graz Variation
https://lichess.org/0hydsntl,,,Sicilian Defense: Hyperaccelerated Dragon
https://lichess.org/cdh09324,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/7j3brjau,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/byu18q7y,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Neo-Orthodox Variation, Main Line
https://lichess.org/j5a0gs9w,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/eno4hnn4,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/sjgmg0gv,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Netherlands Variation
