https://lichess.org/lyv0yrz7,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/gh6kpagk,,,King's Pawn Game: Maroczy Defense
https://lichess.org/tp3tb9a7,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/qoujdm9p,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/93grdp78,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/f4qc7k91,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/z99f6auh,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/od3xoxmv,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/scyqbe60,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/uo5u2dck,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/yz23lyp2,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/rjyqkoy3,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/galndo3d,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/zn24rujz,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/t501w8ax,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/lybmf0dg,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/igh07blh,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/4mfsmybe,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/5b1bjoml,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/6uv88d7f,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/ibz0fje0,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/heyrm9td,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/ojydl0ov,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/kf8o2cey,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/goun50jz,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/4j9eoby0,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/z6e3tgv6,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/tkcmajqo,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/yl59qsdj,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/snetgaae,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/gpwhj2bd,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/fzp4dohi,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Nimzowitsch System
https://lichess.org/zc517fh7,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Neo-Arkhangelsk Variation
https://lichess.org/7a3qvnkb,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/jl3xrf5d,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/dxc1kbnh,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/4tuj2mkv,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/6m92aa2s,,,English Opening: Great Snake Variation
https://lichess.org/o4xr632c,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Normal Variation, Traditional System
https://lichess.org/1kylkpz6,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/72juwvky,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/8gswsnju,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/vcyp01mo,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/yd7746ig,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/ebae5tud,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation, Zukertort Gambit
https://lichess.org/231wj5ki,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/yn8jh8ij,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/e7as1ux4,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/zc5g8hy6,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/rgwmx43s,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/9oo7yxuf,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Torre Attack
https://lichess.org/ptw8uqas,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/byurw9yb,,,King's Indian Defense: Normal Variation, Rare Defenses
https://lichess.org/jbtaqidf,,,Petrov's Defense
https://lichess.org/wokw6k2s,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/haw1ssfj,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/s7uu1gz3,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/6dxqjmjk,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/qwzjjg85,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/nw7cvcxy,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/cr6dqgu6,,,Dutch Defense: Raphael Variation
https://lichess.org/3jjrep2e,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/rru0vl0z,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/zh1qrdib,,,Scotch Game: Lolli Variation
https://lichess.org/245c6pqj,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/urrrqya5,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/2zx3t27l,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/00rjvpl6,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/k4fm6ugg,,,Queen's Indian Accelerated
https://lichess.org/s26sbjke,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/ybz646tg,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/h1jbqcmx,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/czb1hgny,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/g6cqumu4,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/2wl4w80w,,,Old Benoni Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ik1by0p9,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/in188t08,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/2w1i9j4v,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/8bu4anv2,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/vjluzhl4,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/fxouchyr,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/mu9qzju2,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/d22ssr8a,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/gdt7t8zg,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/58sxq7ab,,,Trompowsky Attack
https://lichess.org/893irits,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Knight Attack, Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/ylt38bjm,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/lzo7qv3d,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/62s79i6f,,,Alekhine Defense: Mokele Mbembe
https://lichess.org/dfs0cisl,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/oab6k7mg,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/1an4mpkv,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/d0pvnpvw,,,Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/n0f3helr,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/r2atxc3n,,,Petrov's Defense
https://lichess.org/cx2zkp7w,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System
https://lichess.org/kwdinuaa,,,Ponziani Opening: Jaenisch Counterattack
https://lichess.org/41mzzf69,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/2irv87zo,,,Ruy Lopez: Closed, 7...O-O
https://lichess.org/ans862sj,,,English Opening: The Whale
