https://lichess.org/crrd0ycz,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/j6gdasg0,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/1x6suqse,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation
https://lichess.org/qrrmt54u,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/mwukzws2,,,King's Indian Defense: Normal Variation, Rare Defenses
https://lichess.org/t2gmd6n0,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: von Popiel Gambit
https://lichess.org/uzptg0sl,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation, King's Bishop Variation
https://lichess.org/luq2oq7c,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/4szd56dn,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/9rvyaguf,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/uu6jlc6y,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/1pryn7og,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/ri86tss8,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/iv5e034w,,,Sicilian Defense: Katalimov Variation
https://lichess.org/axo58hme,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/74rjokbp,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/tw16zjk2,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/asnsuj0k,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/rmbhalfg,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen Variation
https://lichess.org/70qd7jc8,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/8ymrjk4a,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/z2be4xqj,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/14z9uiad,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/hcabt7ld,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/mlz067t9,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/pf2mpbye,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense
https://lichess.org/v2dneo1g,,,Englund Gambit Complex Declined
https://lichess.org/hdx7x4io,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Saemisch Variation, Accelerated
https://lichess.org/p46qb4nq,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/tay6kcid,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/ehf83rxc,,,Pirc Defense: Kholmov System
https://lichess.org/xpvzt99v,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/1xzxwt06,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/pmdearx9,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/wuwtwtse,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/iebsc3nf,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/2cbvk3z2,,,King's Indian Attack: Sicilian Variation
https://lichess.org/mzdib5bt,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/64pm4cwe,,,French Defense
https://lichess.org/w10ttibs,,,Gedult's Opening
https://lichess.org/1b3z6gcj,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Stamma Gambit
https://lichess.org/6870a0un,,,Portuguese Opening
https://lichess.org/mkqm3t9g,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/zmyukije,,,King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/g0rfyvbv,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/vmavvzdg,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/2laodd3v,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed
https://lichess.org/nybyihbe,,,Zukertort Opening: Gruenfeld Reversed
https://lichess.org/10beoyu8,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/1ocd5e6m,,,Petrov's Defense
https://lichess.org/qkgx44vn,,,Zukertort Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/ky3uks25,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/wqb9n9tb,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/5orlh1hq,,,Reti Opening
https://lichess.org/aptay58n,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Saemisch Variation, Accelerated
https://lichess.org/rqzylmtd,,,French Defense: Franco-Hiva Gambit II
https://lichess.org/0humjuu0,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed #2
https://lichess.org/2ukf92yh,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/mv5k3yom,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/4cimvu3a,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/in5zpfjw,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/y11axbp8,,,Amazon Attack
https://lichess.org/xt32n1mo,,,Sicilian Defense: Snyder Variation
https://lichess.org/frua6eol,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/ac57lz08,,,Sicilian Defense: Grand Prix Attack
https://lichess.org/x9bjtwvo,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/ueprqinq,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/6ppunst8,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/u3tqxo17,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/om4fjxdw,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/qm0n82ww,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit Accepted, Paulsen Formation
https://lichess.org/f1vu9f8t,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/uwr1suft,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Gunsberg Defense
https://lichess.org/ljkn7ppq,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Nimzowitsch System
https://lichess.org/k2xe9904,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/2hrxioqa,,,Slav Defense: Modern Line
https://lichess.org/9u0zmfzd,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation
https://lichess.org/r4uuyrr3,,,Sicilian Defense: Open #3
https://lichess.org/cd44dg5e,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/7fcrubdz,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/tnvxcabp,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense, Main Line
https://lichess.org/ccjq8woa,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/s2ornmtv,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Central Variation, Greco Variation
https://lichess.org/2mgwg4zb,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/0ytjwoqn,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/ltp78v4k,,,Three Knights Opening: Schlechter Variation
https://lichess.org/odgcngb4,,,English Opening: Caro-Kann Defensive System
https://lichess.org/v0q1dyk6,,,Russian Game: Damiano Variation
https://lichess.org/5wd7t5wj,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/5y3uevpo,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen Variation
https://lichess.org/ehbu86of,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
https://lichess.org/dfcgazh0,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/auizanyn,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/jit7l2zc,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/81140ctm,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/5xpwc3ft,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/6ay1o4o8,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/ofva9tfa,,,Reti Opening: Reti Accepted
https://lichess.org/7bgdvpcy,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/gkgvhhmg,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Vienna Variation, Quiet Variation
