https://lichess.org/24qx3ynf,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/hky38s86,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/n0yxhqlh,,,Dutch Defense: Raphael Variation
https://lichess.org/g0gbnxdj,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/ctdje6ma,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/ohydw1sg,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/36u8ecsl,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/2fe8igxa,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/f5slphgt,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/t569q30c,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/44vva6fm,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Fischer Defense
https://lichess.org/h51yom19,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/ood738zc,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Breyer Variation
https://lichess.org/cmixvvtw,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Knight Attack, Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/uhzxtyfi,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/1snbnq5x,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/ei1cm666,,,Bird Opening: Schlechter Gambit
https://lichess.org/dr60gd87,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/4k9pyayp,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Veresov Attack, Fianchetto Defense
https://lichess.org/sbcii8og,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/5rbeqlo8,,,Gruenfeld Defense
https://lichess.org/dra7js3y,,,Zukertort Opening: Slav Invitation
https://lichess.org/cogwlrof,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/mfy4atbu,,,Slav Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/u5ccalc1,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/rtj2gf9z,,,Modern Defense: Standard Defense
https://lichess.org/hoicqprn,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #4
https://lichess.org/4swdscvi,,,Slav Defense: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/tk8ufu2c,,,Queen's Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/lg4p69xr,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/01311xji,,,Mieses Opening: Reversed Rat
https://lichess.org/zje3y9ie,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/9vjyzvfy,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Albin Countergambit
https://lichess.org/3bid4tvw,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/6h5kfwz4,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Indian Variation
https://lichess.org/w5xzmf4n,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/6cesz1va,,,Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/q6fcbxbl,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/63mzrd9z,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/53hccjkq,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/2olhaf34,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/dc4izp3l,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/or2nykcn,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/02fepyre,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/t45lzex8,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Cambridge Springs Variation
https://lichess.org/ouigbhvc,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/89skcrvp,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/l4v3l2qo,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/fixuflue,,,King's Gambit Declined: Falkbeer Countergambit
https://lichess.org/qax4ikpe,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/khzke6ln,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Albin Countergambit
https://lichess.org/z2hwlvre,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/ogf18znc,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/jny58zwc,,,Zukertort Opening: Slav Invitation
https://lichess.org/9y5muxgc,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/fcxy4wve,,,Zukertort Opening: Black Mustang Defense
https://lichess.org/mypud3f2,,,Slav Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/abmr6uz6,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/2ur4dzlu,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/lhwawotu,,,Englund Gambit Complex Declined
https://lichess.org/3xx6ma9n,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/wp180h2l,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Albin Countergambit
https://lichess.org/6u7aim8h,,,Russian Game: Modern Attack, Center Variation
https://lichess.org/dd86nfyg,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Williams Variation
https://lichess.org/7zyj8fkx,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation, Traditional
https://lichess.org/46pcvhr0,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/pjth87kt,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/1kp41d9j,,,Hungarian Opening: Reversed Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/dykhr0y1,,,Reti Opening #2
https://lichess.org/41ocaot6,,,Benoni Defense: Hromadka System
https://lichess.org/mojglots,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/m63l8rpu,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/gwwhs2cs,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/i1ehx3eq,,,Italian Game: Schilling-Kostic Gambit
https://lichess.org/2l9euyss,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/byze1mif,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/lcinbgil,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/mfqxonrr,,,Scotch Game: Lolli Variation
https://lichess.org/7vix1bfl,,,Three Knights Opening #2
https://lichess.org/3ygmm0od,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Semi-Tarrasch Defense
https://lichess.org/tv4h4yi5,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/xjrvg7vi,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Nimzowitsch System
https://lichess.org/rrdcfaiq,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/mp6dm9yj,,,Slav Defense: Quiet Variation, Pin Defense
https://lichess.org/ky3ssn5x,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/e8w8m71g,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/ez746xxi,,,Hungarian Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/q55xq9ay,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/g7audqeo,,,Sicilian Defense: Delayed Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/fspnq5i2,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/y7hyjmw3,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/b1xu3ivr,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/8asiouc0,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/pn50rfjr,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Saduleto Variation
https://lichess.org/u18isxwf,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/hm7pdyck,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/t6byl7vg,,,Danish Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/k9rcrimj,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/7wwuvh2n,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/53941llm,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
