https://lichess.org/l38tcvr6,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/qr286q50,,,Four Knights Game: Halloween Gambit
https://lichess.org/i68hbpjr,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/0yfvoyo2,,,Englund Gambit Complex: Hartlaub-Charlick Gambit
https://lichess.org/95fg8y8e,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Modern Variation
https://lichess.org/d94akv6u,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/5x5rx1be,,,Alekhine Defense: Four Pawns Attack
https://lichess.org/h4ry6vfv,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/n41qe0mg,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/5lmwwbs3,,,King's Pawn Opening: 2.b3
https://lichess.org/7ywqkzca,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/xjxas67p,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/585vl0hb,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/2x5fj0a2,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/wwvny4mp,,,Englund Gambit Complex: Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/a9g7o2mc,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/ob3zsm2u,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/tc5rxcul,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/qurs3gus,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/wcrv3mhy,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/ghw0mxig,,,Indian Game: Budapest Defense
https://lichess.org/x3wjdoiw,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/pxoaa2ao,,,Latvian Gambit
https://lichess.org/0o40evab,,,Scotch Game: Steinitz Variation
https://lichess.org/3xg8g0bx,,,Russian Game: Stafford Gambit
https://lichess.org/yfxb5lwr,,,Elephant Gambit: Paulsen Countergambit
https://lichess.org/x9g001af,,,Vienna Game: Mengarini Variation
https://lichess.org/yc1lyt4v,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/avu4klk1,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/3gy5liui,,,Tarrasch Defense
https://lichess.org/02pm7tqk,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/9bxb531v,,,Sicilian Defense: Hyperaccelerated Dragon
https://lichess.org/9d3mmqb6,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation, Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/utwh7j34,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/luns6swa,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/mg2w7p33,,,French Defense: Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/vje59e7c,,,Benoni Defense: Old Benoni
https://lichess.org/2slr2xj0,,,Four Knights Game: Halloween Gambit
https://lichess.org/v1jguhis,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/i2opmr1j,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation, Open
https://lichess.org/c1ax9q70,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Graz Variation
https://lichess.org/yc8fvsoo,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/ekkinsfh,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/vg11mo5z,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/duwm81w2,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit
https://lichess.org/yms7mes8,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/7qxuv9o1,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/olcw1odp,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/j4eojisx,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Modern Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/taau6wrb,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/zckb5sid,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/1tm8m7f5,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Vienna Variation, Quiet Variation
https://lichess.org/xha3488r,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/6j7fir67,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/b5hnxqro,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/lpp3k0j9,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/3llmlvom,,,Indian Game: Budapest Defense
https://lichess.org/ozlw3eef,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/ezelge7u,,,Three Knights Opening: Winawer Defense
https://lichess.org/k1868sle,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/o3onynyu,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/aw0cfq9h,,,Slav Defense: Two Knights Attack
https://lichess.org/pkzs3wbs,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/vzwnp6ah,,,Three Knights Opening #2
https://lichess.org/mk36jeeo,,,Russian Game: Stafford Gambit
https://lichess.org/j77c3y15,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/ixanu8zo,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/i6hlhjcw,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/769p5cfd,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/tfe9lhet,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/grvay8zq,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/89bknntk,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/g6ssfhq6,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/wtnnzjg9,,,Torre Attack #2
https://lichess.org/s1zakcka,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/55gymbm3,,,Four Knights Game: Halloween Gambit
https://lichess.org/a68h9yt7,,,Petrov's Defense
https://lichess.org/aimakj7t,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/82dnlwwz,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/wrbqz04y,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/7etwosfx,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: 4.Bg5 Be7
https://lichess.org/zch7aodd,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/atowmroj,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/c3ste92x,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/4d8nw5wg,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/tgp47jlx,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/gxhvxw9b,,,Queen's Indian Accelerated
https://lichess.org/22fbgfa1,,,Dutch Defense: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/wfxpm83a,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/3khla9wa,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/jl9zks11,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/ji3eacnm,,,French Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/02xbjc9j,,,King's Pawn Game: Mengarini's Opening
https://lichess.org/dwv5wn4v,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/t0s94a06,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/xpcbdzjf,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/ja3kwrs8,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/belr2uyv,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Tarrasch Defense, Pseudo-Tarrasch
https://lichess.org/5249qppj,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/efdfihp7,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
