https://lichess.org/6f8wyfks,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/3fgm0v7u,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Breyer Variation
https://lichess.org/z5d5zikm,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Italian Four Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/5i210sl8,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/v8eqtu99,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/c9zbdbt0,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/8135u4kk,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/2zq5wwqh,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/7b2vr86b,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/1507pqk1,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/cwh74nbi,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/wrlg6ery,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/9pi7xw0m,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/a52nd035,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/tuu1vbke,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/kvzpcnyf,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation
https://lichess.org/dzaiw6ql,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/0fw7c5ka,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/iqwfhd9b,,,Sicilian Defense: Katalimov Variation
https://lichess.org/i4dqeau6,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/mq5vbt4t,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense #3
https://lichess.org/cv3k1w0l,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/ygqqcg9o,,,Sicilian Defense: Katalimov Variation
https://lichess.org/glmwx1wg,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/zrke54zu,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/1ql7qnrj,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Scandinavian Variation, Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/v1ftv16u,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/zgjl90kh,,,Bishop's Opening: Philidor Counterattack
https://lichess.org/rx8hcszw,,,Alekhine Defense: John Tracy Gambit
https://lichess.org/s4uufy17,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/pj2w1i6s,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/d5w6p7y0,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation, Albin Gambit
https://lichess.org/dr3un7ov,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/ezpfi7c9,,,Slav Indian
https://lichess.org/0xott0iz,,,King's Indian Defense: Four Pawns Attack
https://lichess.org/91dut1fr,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/hka8pjqv,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/ixcmd213,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/7wjbvecg,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/jk9p25d1,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/gsa60nln,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/dbkdc32b,,,Hungarian Opening: Slav Formation
https://lichess.org/bbbv178p,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Rosenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/seac7js9,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/koztsjnl,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/l8s1dd19,,,Indian Game: Pawn Push Variation
https://lichess.org/x0phqix2,,,Danish Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/cj6c31eb,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/qo99auul,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/jxm85sow,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/7hfrpz5x,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/hbiz5wkl,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/4qwcav9a,,,Hungarian Opening: Reversed Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/daib35v9,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/j3ucoztc,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/av71kure,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/qt9gtip1,,,Polish Defense
https://lichess.org/aa8rbqb5,,,Hungarian Opening: Reversed Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/pwnkdw2k,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Canal Variation
https://lichess.org/o7geezis,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense #2
https://lichess.org/1wc0u2f2,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/zkzgma2r,,,Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/6jqd7h4o,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/cxugwlxx,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/3ox3blbn,,,Hungarian Opening: Reversed Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/jvdwx8i1,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/zx8znvl6,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/j03epjco,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/pao8ybxz,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni-Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/7oz8fkaz,,,Hungarian Opening: Reversed Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/zl18hw5j,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/cw4ss3j6,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation, Traditional
https://lichess.org/8a4aigk2,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Modern Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/5x877skd,,,Danish Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/b0dn98lz,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/jzp7a69c,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/x2nbvhot,,,Russian Game: Damiano Variation
https://lichess.org/nz5hxw2v,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/1sgondai,,,King's Pawn Game: Maroczy Defense
https://lichess.org/ynk43h0a,,,Sicilian Defense: Loewenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/scj9nl96,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/9b4bpbbo,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/skyydeuh,,,Sicilian Defense: Canal-Sokolsky Attack
https://lichess.org/mgw3s4oi,,,Colle System
https://lichess.org/n4veccom,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/2h8662bn,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Vienna Variation
https://lichess.org/ow15e9kn,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/xdb3d1e2,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/7nphi1f1,,,Ponziani Opening: Jaenisch Counterattack
https://lichess.org/unapivkk,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/y4f9pepm,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/uwyzdg24,,,Polish Opening: Queenside Defense
https://lichess.org/qnarj851,,,Alekhine Defense: Mokele Mbembe
https://lichess.org/don1pzb5,,,Sicilian Defense: Richter-Rauzer Variation, Dragon Variation
https://lichess.org/pxk5t0rh,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Stamma Gambit
https://lichess.org/77szi1jx,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/9cny3gt5,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/e3569no8,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/49temmw0,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/r95zc3vn,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Vienna Variation
