https://lichess.org/ve0iefyw,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/6d9eqg5u,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/faylbner,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Central Variation, Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/yofmc3h3,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/foivbg17,,,Zukertort Opening: Slav Invitation
https://lichess.org/97gvsr4q,,,Englund Gambit Complex: Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/hj17axhh,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/ytko34uc,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/02rh33ma,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/jvwmcxcd,,,Three Knights Opening #2
https://lichess.org/ieot43f3,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/xypwq3pp,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Anderssen Variation
https://lichess.org/fuh0ymms,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/b0e44fnk,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ho6z0qrh,,,Scotch Game: Schmidt Variation
https://lichess.org/60ew7imd,,,English Opening: Anglo-Indian Defense, Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/5303npaa,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/0rzpxpa4,,,Philidor Defense: Nimzowitsch Variation
https://lichess.org/2e4xdbk0,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/yp7kvi7r,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/t0bbbacn,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/7t5mb5lb,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/i0enylrl,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/gj5o46q9,,,Scotch Game: Scotch Gambit
https://lichess.org/3ptmeoz5,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Fried Liver Attack
https://lichess.org/czaw3g24,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/kpv4ab1x,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Williams Variation
https://lichess.org/hzrgexdg,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/us1bfeux,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/bfugweeb,,,Englund Gambit Complex: Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/721hpnvi,,,Van Geet Opening: Gruenfeld Defense
https://lichess.org/z0o26y0o,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/us2ve12v,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/a8qavrx5,,,Sicilian Defense: Open #2
https://lichess.org/cq6gcesw,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/92zqp22v,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/g7ax6nr7,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/duvg5447,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/9d81wyur,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/0zm1e027,,,Pirc Defense: Austrian Attack
https://lichess.org/2lczq2w5,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/51xw0gna,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/e5c2tm8o,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/rjhhity6,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/hjxu3x7n,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/y6ws4tby,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/k5v7drx8,,,Sicilian Defense: Open #2
https://lichess.org/6ceiqk08,,,Scotch Game: Lolli Variation
https://lichess.org/lbz4euwt,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #4
https://lichess.org/7p2pe04n,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/4rfcxb67,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/ry7o5kg0,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/7fmvtq91,,,Semi-Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/yvxsxcrv,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/fnegmw94,,,Sicilian Defense: Katalimov Variation
https://lichess.org/l48n9meo,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/xf8ljhol,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/b0pn3ffs,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/2rwf81bc,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/bg7q96jg,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/f7f63pa3,,,Englund Gambit Complex Declined
https://lichess.org/ubkam3mc,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/wgjworuc,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/tg3ved4w,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/yqqfovjm,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/08s3j0im,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/hodvvdhn,,,King's Pawn Game: King's Head Opening
https://lichess.org/kyt82ubi,,,King's Pawn Game: Maroczy Defense
https://lichess.org/qaz98igd,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System, Anti-Colle
https://lichess.org/o3a78mo4,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/etvmx0tt,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/40z05v7d,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Reversed Closed Sicilian
https://lichess.org/x4fmgat0,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/px5y45fb,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/56qhil8q,,,Gruenfeld Defense: Opocensky Variation
https://lichess.org/owp1xlt4,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/4528qyxu,,,Englund Gambit Complex Declined
https://lichess.org/twsqpatx,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/410h0q7v,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Neo-Arkhangelsk Variation
https://lichess.org/6zm4ra4m,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/w2cirwu6,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/opcz4dip,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/lctd5ff5,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/dg975g4v,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Stonewall Attack
https://lichess.org/awhwdkuk,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/jxhs8bdy,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/5fcr976n,,,Sicilian Defense: Accelerated Dragon, Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/ekcnqh08,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/gt22w9as,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/c2bvabiz,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Graz Variation
https://lichess.org/onh8ct2q,,,Four Knights Game: Gunsberg Variation
https://lichess.org/lr7ap99l,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/lfvhr4rf,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/sxk22gzi,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/p700y9bm,,,Scandinavian Defense: Blackburne Gambit
https://lichess.org/gvc0boza,,,Alekhine Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/g2zx37yq,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/jgilsbvr,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/ercs4sq6,,,Zukertort Opening: Vos Gambit
https://lichess.org/lv02fvm1,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
