https://lichess.org/m5jcpgne,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/5txf4srb,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/xp4s02bn,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/qfr0ugqx,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/jyywdfsy,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/pzm6jza0,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen Variation, Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/qq3j82tv,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation
https://lichess.org/o0ayubgf,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Harrwitz Attack
https://lichess.org/z1frny4j,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/vnd2mohg,,,French Defense: Queen's Knight
https://lichess.org/27ivg0w8,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/ezc5gzv6,,,Torre Attack #2
https://lichess.org/zl7sdh83,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/nx98crv2,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/2cwxjj3s,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/hfcyjye2,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/k2gl2drv,,,London System
https://lichess.org/wmy0ytsl,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/qwy6wr7g,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/4c2eugwa,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/4qhwenwc,,,Vienna Game: Max Lange Defense
https://lichess.org/p05g7jmn,,,Pirc Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/cyyb1b8p,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Nimzowitsch System
https://lichess.org/y9min3v0,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/ttw1pqic,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/0je44znk,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/58aibxgt,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/yxeh9nvx,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/2a2o30na,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/xrtce06z,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/wvwx5lsg,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/6cjqameq,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/tbe4km12,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/61tw4lvg,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/4htl5e5e,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/ha9xmk3q,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/o3074juk,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/smiiot2a,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/caha20zb,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/6vo6tlhg,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/xk1a1tym,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/zt6ns3i7,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Nimzowitsch System
https://lichess.org/30h6fj5r,,,Vienna Game: Omaha Gambit
https://lichess.org/f9gk9w8i,,,King's Indian Defense: 3.Nc3
https://lichess.org/onkmu3n6,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Euwe Variation
https://lichess.org/lw9uf9v8,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/lqfytsna,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/wdvshoac,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/375dqh77,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/ax6a701h,,,Vienna Game: Stanley Variation
https://lichess.org/6dcyuyd1,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/hsmxpoav,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/mczr8ih7,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System, Gruenfeld Formation
https://lichess.org/fskdnb7i,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/gk9hntjn,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/x4enbxu3,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/z5vaci8d,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/6zuheb7x,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/0q8y48h1,,,Englund Gambit Complex Declined
https://lichess.org/mwz5p9w1,,,Philidor Defense: Hanham Variation
https://lichess.org/72o1gelt,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/pvrtfhib,,,Duras Gambit
https://lichess.org/35m5okm8,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/hxk8k71l,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Modern, Knight Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ouqv6t90,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/l4odpbmu,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/ojaydgxb,,,Englund Gambit Complex: Stockholm Variation
https://lichess.org/x1sgzcnj,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/4gljcw67,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/rlsh0n2a,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/6hjfb64z,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/1mj17q6z,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/i1uvkg4p,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/84209uzo,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: 4.Bg5 Be7
https://lichess.org/w7ylt1qm,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/zzjunu6f,,,Ruy Lopez: Rotary-Albany Gambit
https://lichess.org/0g3fy84o,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/dau6ri1n,,,Indian Game: Pawn Push Variation
https://lichess.org/t3dl4btt,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/tayc1to8,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/zlrcujks,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/i45vq4gr,,,Hippopotamus Defense #2
https://lichess.org/4pdqlpc9,,,Bishop's Opening: Philidor Counterattack
https://lichess.org/9jst7jfe,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/zdpz8ttt,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/9dvdjknh,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/j9y90ja9,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/8s6y1cez,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/qwf069de,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/psngpxuu,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Barmen Variation
https://lichess.org/wvbzg9cu,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/sfwdcpdh,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/hcrwni2v,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/i7yoybj4,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/7op0ztoo,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/vrrm1k1k,,,Colle System
https://lichess.org/8ez99qs3,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: 4.Bg5 Be7
https://lichess.org/t57lblni,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/wxbv98c5,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/mpzjomkw,,,Philidor Defense #2
