https://lichess.org/7f9g0vba,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Schallopp Defense
https://lichess.org/07koa076,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/7mutm86l,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/zdnyzfof,,,Sicilian Defense: Brick Variation
https://lichess.org/44yx1dr8,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/1mvwh1im,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/74fs4e4v,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Classical Variation, Lobron System
https://lichess.org/vsaw1y35,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/lcygosxh,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/w51n39da,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/jx58zuas,,,Scotch Game: Schmidt Variation
https://lichess.org/xviq99rx,,,Kadas Opening
https://lichess.org/8bomjq92,,,Benoni Defense: Old Benoni
https://lichess.org/uxrcz6iq,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/i6lrkp7u,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense #2
https://lichess.org/j1wbr8dy,,,Tarrasch Defense
https://lichess.org/j5q4ybtm,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/c7j0d6qg,,,French Defense: Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/u6njg8bi,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ddtfylaj,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/cg4spxuy,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Harrwitz Attack
https://lichess.org/yxvdbkzh,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/i0a1l0uc,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/168zo5hl,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/lsbz9veg,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Scandinavian Variation, Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/c7g470vi,,,Scandinavian Defense: Icelandic-Palme Gambit
https://lichess.org/b7g1n10r,,,Lion Defense: Lion's Jaw
https://lichess.org/wlzi6p01,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/vhqyk1av,,,Sicilian Defense: Accelerated Dragon, Modern Variation
https://lichess.org/cnaunh40,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/05av7rj3,,,Scandinavian Defense: Gubinsky-Melts Defense
https://lichess.org/06x5fzs9,,,French Defense: Winawer Variation, Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/ma0z1l61,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/n93cs2dr,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation, Zukertort Gambit
https://lichess.org/gmc3zklu,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/8a3nvao0,,,Dutch Defense: Korchnoi Attack
https://lichess.org/88tahge3,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/ov92drng,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/kn9d9uux,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense, Catalan Defense
https://lichess.org/7nj9pmiw,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/eq0k0oj5,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/9qnxg908,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/gzmiwsrn,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/qow8fn8t,,,King's Pawn Game: Macleod Attack
https://lichess.org/2erhfh0e,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/yq08p95q,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/y7zjy44w,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/aa5drdj1,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense, Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/47rta7x3,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Euwe Variation
https://lichess.org/klc4faxb,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/v1km2nac,,,Dutch Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/73qtb9p0,,,Elephant Gambit: Paulsen Countergambit
https://lichess.org/13z6efnk,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/83807npm,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/zts6ot82,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/nzh407ia,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/vtfr1cyk,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/kw85ubuk,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/gw56bakx,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/z11fueil,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/y939ihr9,,,Scandinavian Defense: Gubinsky-Melts Defense
https://lichess.org/0g5i062j,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/cz86j57d,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Schallopp Defense
https://lichess.org/5p147i3p,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/bsdxwylf,,,King's Pawn Game: Mengarini's Opening
https://lichess.org/nl0oomdk,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/3dpwl2qr,,,Rat Defense: Harmonist
https://lichess.org/femqyoyx,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/13fj0sza,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/jpb7u8dk,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/isq2g6et,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/nm4xztal,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/7rqvuwdg,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation, Short Variation
https://lichess.org/do2pkhtz,,,Philidor Defense: Hanham Variation
https://lichess.org/sb73c4lw,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/v04si66m,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/dfo4nlza,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line, Mieses Variation
https://lichess.org/x3khjnor,,,Gruenfeld Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/0u8uo335,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/jnbmrgoi,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation, Greco Gambit, Moeller-Therkatz Attack
https://lichess.org/op5xsyaz,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/cncueg9s,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/iat7r0oh,,,Sicilian Defense: Najdorf Variation
https://lichess.org/libcwvdy,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/n45tcb0x,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/3ugtisax,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/hl49p7es,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/o9insdkt,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/ucf4ebx5,,,King's Pawn Game: Maroczy Defense
https://lichess.org/szql7oyo,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/xizqwnd0,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/nsgd9wkn,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/ugxmy844,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/q050g5e5,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/8l9bfrgo,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/sgsbazf0,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/oz9wugud,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/ehbj3lw1,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Bronstein-Larsen Variation
https://lichess.org/b7ej6fmw,,,Indian Game: Anti-Nimzo-Indian
https://lichess.org/806dibv0,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Albin Countergambit
