https://lichess.org/qxtpfwj9,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/dgyr5gp8,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/o2xdlnt4,,,Pirc Defense: Roscher Gambit
https://lichess.org/xquz468q,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/9uo21qw4,,,Rat Defense: English Rat
https://lichess.org/zlivu7nx,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/s7wrkbbm,,,Slav Defense: Modern
https://lichess.org/3qa72f2o,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/nd991cnn,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/apyidio3,,,Mikenas Defense
https://lichess.org/0yq4etod,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/qtymvwfu,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/8uhgdcqz,,,Sicilian Defense: Modern Variations, Anti-Qxd4 Move Order Accepted
https://lichess.org/g0ztwukq,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/4og6tr43,,,French Defense: Tarrasch Variation, Closed Variation
https://lichess.org/umfbvt6a,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/bdws8u4o,,,Englund Gambit Complex Declined
https://lichess.org/zddfl6ik,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/6375cnvj,,,King's Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/ympmc7mq,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/cykjtqds,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System, Anti-Colle
https://lichess.org/yaty76fw,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/lsu1d8ey,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/l9uxea4d,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/1b3g9ctc,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/z26enmm4,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/zr0jc7rb,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation, Central Variation
https://lichess.org/zmoza0rb,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/uk2t164c,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/55vacna0,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/wcxs890v,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Rasa-Studier Gambit
https://lichess.org/sy6yz4g8,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/9lwd9kdj,,,Indian Game: Pawn Push Variation
https://lichess.org/zkaga28e,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Stonewall Attack
https://lichess.org/2nwvgv6i,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/yyhjutiy,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/l9mlsiw9,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/ohnbyswk,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/tdpjteax,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System
https://lichess.org/rkgxhd3v,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/k2camkay,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/ls17uplt,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Vienna Variation
https://lichess.org/v2vpgqbw,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/rfj4insv,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/2wn3d30u,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/jboq7h9t,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/3ncqtsfx,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/f42t8pam,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense, Catalan Defense, Semi-Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/74a9w8b9,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/evl6uf5g,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/xmu0n7xv,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/bssrezhl,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Ponziani-Steinitz Gambit
https://lichess.org/su48ro0s,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/b4xdedre,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/gjp36o9u,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/ddxtlh6n,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/gwgkp9i0,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/vf5rx52v,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/v1684oys,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/m0b2lbbf,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/8n6mtawp,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/xim4xv61,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/n7i4qtf5,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/4i17u2kg,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/3337rotc,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/zoba3aj9,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/0ia7pzto,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/jhsct1vl,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/wbq6ka9b,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/5gn5zkr8,,,Italian Game: Schilling-Kostic Gambit
https://lichess.org/cl7d8myj,,,Bishop's Opening: Khan Gambit
https://lichess.org/0xkerqz9,,,Sicilian Defense: Canal Attack, Main Line
https://lichess.org/mrq86x3w,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Albin Countergambit
https://lichess.org/aqpvszny,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/1hbnkunt,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/n9utruig,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/5sz0vzc7,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/jwi2yvn9,,,Sicilian Defense: Lasker-Dunne Attack
https://lichess.org/obnx16gc,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/bkdca4hd,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/vwc3t5em,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/baqe742o,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/8vnoydch,,,Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/dwdn70sv,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/89kngzbw,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/svn15gsf,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Netherlands Variation
https://lichess.org/em4b64wv,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/jd9i8hvy,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/pwyretye,,,Sicilian Defense: Loewenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/qjg6tkuk,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/rksaosns,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/u1816msu,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/2thwey28,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/0u6d00yk,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/uwg755fi,,,Rat Defense: Harmonist
https://lichess.org/3zyv3hsz,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Zeller Defense
https://lichess.org/417qsicw,,,Vienna Game
https://lichess.org/ckvzcblj,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/wz4n4ir5,,,King's Gambit Declined: Keene's Defense #2
https://lichess.org/fet3oqi9,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
