https://lichess.org/dsbdqage,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/olt4cgr2,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/22cxhpuy,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/wjdbny9c,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/xh2ffvcp,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/4j8ffwdb,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/e3g8tnbx,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Austrian Defense
https://lichess.org/v72p1r3l,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/6su9pk0o,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/dgzcw39k,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Modern Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/glvjlu57,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/rsdr42la,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/qwmd6aim,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/n3vlbj6n,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/cx9uieqe,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/j6c16h3n,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Pseudo-Spanish Variation
https://lichess.org/yr49rvnp,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/fav5mbsb,,,King's Knight Opening: Konstantinopolsky
https://lichess.org/457dl5l9,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/8166soed,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/v1vvuv1g,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/alazueky,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/nzhy28k7,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/ypzqipoi,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/45746yyi,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/c18oa8on,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/qp1p8ic2,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/j8n8g6y3,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Modern Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/j2kq7bbf,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/u2y2mf4h,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/4f3lka5h,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Schallopp Defense
https://lichess.org/v3tr4uo0,,,Slav Defense: Modern Line
https://lichess.org/7i391bfm,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/tb550lmg,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/d71ccrze,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/hue04183,,,Sicilian Defense: Snyder Variation
https://lichess.org/eugpeknv,,,Sicilian Defense: Katalimov Variation
https://lichess.org/4va53cci,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/mec7nju2,,,Vienna Game
https://lichess.org/jyoblkip,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/fb2xn47d,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/7ewtmuj0,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/o6ultco1,,,Danish Gambit Declined, Sorensen Defense
https://lichess.org/6lpjitiw,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/3o7ml6nu,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/jachpvl4,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/aajav1fr,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/89mubueq,,,Gruenfeld Defense: Exchange Variation, Modern Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/4flrtkjo,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/labidfcd,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/xhc1rg74,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/b5p1s2dv,,,Zukertort Opening: Ross Gambit
https://lichess.org/i7jbtd5j,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/citeilye,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/hrndi25a,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/x3k8ta3q,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/av921ngc,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/1cnuhlyt,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/avp3rdeh,,,King's Gambit Declined: Classical, Soldatenkov Variation
https://lichess.org/old9epvu,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/ig6p9nz5,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/9x4h0jju,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/aqlos06j,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/9wpe1jif,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/1z9unmji,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/77ipfxfi,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/b8u644av,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/2bkzo9vz,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/jqdlzu8t,,,Center Game: Paulsen Attack Variation
https://lichess.org/ia4n9a7d,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/dsh6v525,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
https://lichess.org/3hkgl409,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/pl80esbr,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/gno643xm,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/fvig92ke,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/cd4xusqe,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/jswlidfv,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/hi0h23y2,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/ti3x4uf7,,,Van Geet Opening
https://lichess.org/lnahj6bx,,,Indian Game: Wade-Tartakower Defense
https://lichess.org/uns0p695,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Williams Variation
https://lichess.org/qr67gmyf,,,Vienna Game: Falkbeer Variation
https://lichess.org/ac463b57,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/rl9esbqn,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/o3th5gly,,,Mieses Opening: Reversed Rat
https://lichess.org/sx8uylu8,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/toc0xwbd,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/ozxgpaqe,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/vz8zhha8,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed Alekhine
https://lichess.org/d8ikd52c,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/7e30p0rj,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Schallopp Defense
https://lichess.org/vu3bj066,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/v4tmn0yz,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/d0hay4d2,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/2ksuvjdx,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/qee3yi3t,,,Sicilian Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/eae23vqb,,,Franco-Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/k1z82oaf,,,French Defense: Classical Variation, Steinitz Variation
https://lichess.org/s9g6ttco,,,Sicilian Defense: Franco-Sicilian Variation
https://lichess.org/gnm9qfao,,,Sicilian Defense
