https://lichess.org/an96c0wv,,,Ruy Lopez: Bird Variation
https://lichess.org/86ltdu3d,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/wtgu51hs,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/aiff5amm,,,Pirc Defense #3
https://lichess.org/csgqqd82,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/l18lx9ho,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/cbwpanyg,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/zri2b2qm,,,Sicilian Defense: Najdorf Variation
https://lichess.org/gwlzn8lp,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/31gqi4pz,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/nxruaxx6,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/tdfw6iqn,,,London System
https://lichess.org/gq7ppf8e,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/xb384r7g,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/gso9ao7n,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation
https://lichess.org/e8frq4sy,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/ymokhjw3,,,Indian Game: East Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/i5ft6p0t,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/q85nb67d,,,Petrov's Defense #2
https://lichess.org/jq579rm5,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/o867o63w,,,Slav Defense: Modern Line
https://lichess.org/7bltau2b,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/6wdkb7an,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/odv8606t,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/1a7933id,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/ir3is8d0,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/enx7p99g,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/vq8u5xrm,,,Old Indian: Czech Variation, with Nc3
https://lichess.org/p033tstw,,,King's Pawn Game: Maroczy Defense
https://lichess.org/gwk1ljwi,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/vlbz1uyu,,,Tarrasch Defense
https://lichess.org/hix7icam,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation, Albin Gambit
https://lichess.org/2xhauiee,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/0nj5utgr,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/ej9uceq4,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/asmng5ne,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/qi6t7acm,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/5g04ch0m,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/jc60r9fk,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/2ysvqsjg,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/k24reb98,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/ovoipi75,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/daifvdy4,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/1vdjxihw,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/dvaw8nqu,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/yhdkmdsm,,,Slav Defense: Modern Line
https://lichess.org/7osv5jby,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen Variation, Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/srubcwqq,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/8ujcgj7s,,,Danish Gambit Accepted, Classical Defense
https://lichess.org/uvxic32z,,,Hungarian Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/saoelegt,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/1m5m581s,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/lp9m85tr,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/vavl4xit,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/k5p4z69i,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/z1z84qs8,,,Sicilian Defense: Franco-Sicilian Variation
https://lichess.org/ah4y1c6c,,,Torre Attack
https://lichess.org/8pkgcpsc,,,King's Indian Attack: Keres Variation #2
https://lichess.org/60fzkejt,,,English Opening: Great Snake Variation
https://lichess.org/xvr42w5t,,,Scandinavian Defense: Icelandic-Palme Gambit
https://lichess.org/thslqra6,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/xe3b6nsy,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation
https://lichess.org/6mlad2lx,,,Scandinavian Defense: Boehnke Gambit
https://lichess.org/pcaxujp1,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/9hm0xcxv,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Scandinavian Variation, Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/nqjdgxz1,,,Mieses Opening: Reversed Rat
https://lichess.org/9brm0d1b,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/u9utv3lb,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/c9vsxjhi,,,Zukertort Opening: Slav Invitation
https://lichess.org/f06s57uh,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/5hylbavu,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/gnkzeod4,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/tohxpk5y,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/nawch7tc,,,Sicilian Defense: Canal-Sokolsky Attack
https://lichess.org/26yxqzq1,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation
https://lichess.org/oip3x7kr,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/2qsz5l6s,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/ajpoknsi,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/w08eiota,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/ju48tjwu,,,Indian Game: Tartakower Attack
https://lichess.org/3n3goifb,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/7r3tn84j,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/hwef6wqp,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/et4kndo8,,,Zukertort Opening: Slav Invitation
https://lichess.org/r1e9tg78,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
https://lichess.org/3kvxxv4x,,,Hungarian Opening: Slav Formation
https://lichess.org/qz8javtg,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/angw0ptl,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/lq5qu7lv,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/drl9jom9,,,English Opening: Great Snake Variation
https://lichess.org/7a3mwr51,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/jdxpu4xj,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/546gg8k4,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/hxty3em3,,,Vienna Game: Anderssen Defense
https://lichess.org/9gzbu1i5,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/sd3jknso,,,Sicilian Defense: Scheveningen Variation
https://lichess.org/liex2ghj,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/b2t3xzie,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/3k77cfax,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Masi Variation
https://lichess.org/sfaolel7,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
