https://lichess.org/b3kwacb5,,,Modern Defense: Standard Line
https://lichess.org/90bniym7,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #2
https://lichess.org/3tqxwpag,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/dldq9dr4,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/rwh0eegs,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/h9zbi4xf,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/yf0z0hdk,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/mmp8z6q4,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/rpq7visq,,,Sicilian Defense: Scheveningen Variation, Vitolins Variation
https://lichess.org/g8hgr8db,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/5ujvva1x,,,King's Gambit Declined, Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/7c31elsi,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/ysllocpl,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/8b1o9yat,,,Ponziani Opening
https://lichess.org/uus9uear,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed
https://lichess.org/jyfrl51f,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
https://lichess.org/i9zu56eh,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/xksarelz,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/ib570n9z,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/8c408aur,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/svq1q54w,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/7wqglit8,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/vylvadyv,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/erj8sfos,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/ts47vn0u,,,King's Pawn Game: Tayler Opening
https://lichess.org/ngly4m88,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/63pnm19z,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/fxw2tr9m,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/2j87czlo,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/yx5u5ybc,,,Indian Game: Omega Gambit
https://lichess.org/iu90uk9u,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/42ky4472,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/o5zjbpts,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/la3ek5jg,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/5kztvrfr,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/ajy3mntg,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/qs6xvzje,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/4ipgj4fs,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense #3
https://lichess.org/1qhdg7vr,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/wsslef8e,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/h4v9sc01,,,Slav Indian
https://lichess.org/a8r0shg5,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
https://lichess.org/tus8fkil,,,Gruenfeld Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/ijlq4quf,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/4al3lhzj,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/64a9qlc9,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/roltucsb,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/7nmdnkpr,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Polerio Defense
https://lichess.org/btuxkt4c,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/25h4dmkm,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/6q04haa2,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/wm0q6d7v,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/bwa060ny,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/802psb03,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/0d5h204j,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/9f2nb8m2,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/y713f9tv,,,King's Indian, Fianchetto, Classical Variation, 8.e4
https://lichess.org/9d36it6x,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Blachly Gambit
https://lichess.org/i975h1ho,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/bsohlifg,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/6g0q2c40,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/y9wp0x2i,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/ccns23lf,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/w1feko0g,,,Sicilian Defense: Modern Variations, Main Line
https://lichess.org/oz7qdpji,,,Colle System #2
https://lichess.org/zenjk1rt,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/cd80dliw,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/ycpkk9hw,,,Indian Game: Tartakower Attack
https://lichess.org/a8g5vvmj,,,Slav Defense #3
https://lichess.org/53fudwrn,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/8pzrk2ri,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/hhuejel5,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/walepld6,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/obpdakke,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/rsor0gou,,,King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/qnasahcj,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/yqzsij2m,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/u7wdiw7h,,,Four Knights Game: Spanish Variation
https://lichess.org/ar3b1xdi,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/090j2hib,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/zugqsgkp,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/cbqz0thb,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/z8765gyx,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/y456dq4w,,,Zukertort Opening: Queenside Fianchetto Variation
https://lichess.org/gpvrobif,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/aebcdg61,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/iuc0bgwf,,,Scotch Game: Schmidt Variation
https://lichess.org/ir5dbk1u,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/4dew15ef,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Reversed Sicilian
https://lichess.org/eu0nlny8,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/onw5zxfr,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/43skcn81,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/2zs4nccb,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/xgykly8k,,,Indian Game: Budapest Defense
https://lichess.org/uj4brvxb,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/3abo447m,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/svu91mfl,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Nimzowitsch System
https://lichess.org/6ol300c7,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation, Albin Gambit
https://lichess.org/xue19irq,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/0byh5qoy,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
