https://lichess.org/n1mpol5q,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/wgdnt37c,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/8uwv3koi,,,King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/sqqj9r6d,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/ukdh15iy,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/aak1zncx,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/0sibg8pb,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/cmftlu2s,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/kfvxltww,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/lqoy3tfw,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/8ysmzs63,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/4dbcn32c,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/16e652il,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/wutgyd8z,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/42bh40j8,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/jes6jpv3,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/vf5g5zim,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/wo6qwbl1,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/l5xcggoh,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/usqmj0vy,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/9dqz0lix,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/pljlqigg,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/nk8vyzcq,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/uh4qi9j3,,,Slav Indian
https://lichess.org/lqlp1p2f,,,Pirc Defense: Byrne Variation
https://lichess.org/5q6kpkhe,,,Dutch Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/9qzgffge,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/lbo6pzgt,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/twwmn8j9,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/mn6pcr51,,,Kadas Opening
https://lichess.org/8ujmml7l,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/b0mpqa1l,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/5bb0ryfx,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/lqe4qv9l,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/2uwakw46,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation, Traditional
https://lichess.org/nly8hu8c,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/uulv1abe,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Krause Variation
https://lichess.org/96zjuksu,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/yzibdz36,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/nutt5w26,,,Rat Defense: Balogh Defense
https://lichess.org/ceuaaxhe,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/2d4dr8iu,,,Indian Game: London System
https://lichess.org/k0mwcmvv,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/oplhsibn,,,Sicilian Defense: Hyperaccelerated Fianchetto
https://lichess.org/hdtu493f,,,French Defense: Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/m5skrm22,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/8hvp1fp4,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #3
https://lichess.org/m90ujoga,,,Goldsmith Defense
https://lichess.org/fqz04nix,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/upn8wcls,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/b3wdj4bx,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/u4hpu4oy,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Krause Variation
https://lichess.org/b065cfja,,,Zukertort Opening: Kingside Fianchetto
https://lichess.org/lxpvwnq8,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/4cve2966,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/e0ce3ruf,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/ty7zy97p,,,Blumenfeld Countergambit #2
https://lichess.org/ttrw8iv4,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/rht12tq2,,,Bishop's Opening: Philidor Variation
https://lichess.org/smi44hev,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/e90tvgwo,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/dvj9k6ra,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation, Greco Gambit, Traditional Line
https://lichess.org/0456xjk6,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/e2htem18,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/frgro2ze,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/o8twqxgz,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/7db2jdo7,,,Scandinavian Defense: Anderssen Counterattack
https://lichess.org/dkcb6ogw,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/a3j2w0yv,,,Zukertort Opening: Queenside Fianchetto Variation
https://lichess.org/qddhhenj,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/4xsd5ti6,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/72lhjvyf,,,Benoni Defense: Hromadka System
https://lichess.org/lpiptzu0,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Caro Variation
https://lichess.org/az2gmstt,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/9zcockp4,,,Caro-Kann Defense #2
https://lichess.org/2sxfur4x,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/mg6o6lgm,,,Owen Defense: Smith Gambit
https://lichess.org/6oksq62v,,,King's Indian Defense: Smyslov Variation
https://lichess.org/tve9mg7g,,,Sicilian Defense: Open #3
https://lichess.org/iwvg02i0,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/x53lswv6,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/wfor2k7a,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/90xlpvz4,,,French Defense: Horwitz Attack
https://lichess.org/ag1d36ep,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/wgz26a70,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/57ewdkpr,,,Slav Indian
https://lichess.org/ppk7tsx9,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/1diop1xq,,,Caro-Kann Defense #2
https://lichess.org/uxxhh6im,,,Canard Opening
https://lichess.org/yk5emnxs,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/wg7bub59,,,English Opening: Symmetrical Variation, Botvinnik System
https://lichess.org/dua3b5ye,,,Dutch Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/8v0r5fk3,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/w298483o,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/epf5ml81,,,King's Indian Defense: Four Pawns Attack
https://lichess.org/mqgjzquh,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/g00urxvd,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/q9nij5td,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/iomp6yv2,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Caro Variation
https://lichess.org/9h6u3uoo,,,French Defense: Queen's Knight
