https://lichess.org/pmoc9js3,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/5zn1ckn5,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/ls5tb9fg,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/lvlmo60n,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Pietrowsky Defense
https://lichess.org/igzcv5z9,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/aowkwmyx,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Stonewall Attack
https://lichess.org/jc1o01s7,,,Queen's Pawn Opening: Veresov, Richter Attack
https://lichess.org/o4gy5w5k,,,Sicilian Defense: Loewenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/dsbumpuy,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/fvh30ahp,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/n3xbymcm,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Stonewall Attack
https://lichess.org/3jowxa7b,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/iwewz5wo,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Accelerated Move Order
https://lichess.org/mfe1k0xv,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/ct8ffqrp,,,Bishop's Opening: Calabrese Countergambit
https://lichess.org/rsaqre4b,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System
https://lichess.org/0kt3rtzt,,,Sicilian Defense: Open
https://lichess.org/a9eukr9i,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/71khybcb,,,Slav Defense #3
https://lichess.org/qcz4m3d0,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/mpmj7opc,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/n6zqihuf,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/oeankn7i,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/trnch8dd,,,Indian Game: Czech-Indian
https://lichess.org/a5py45i6,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/38556ru2,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/mqoae5cm,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/mdejyj00,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/xixzwggp,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #4
https://lichess.org/mydod8aq,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/baycxvtq,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/0pdsbk4c,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Franco-Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/db5y8qnl,,,King's Gambit Declined, Keene Defense
https://lichess.org/sj5v14yl,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/bddv4stq,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/94x8adz3,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/jyjxg2py,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/6avm5i8i,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/cqav3cjt,,,Benoni Defense: Modern Variation
https://lichess.org/o8x3ieh6,,,King's Pawn Game: Gunderam Gambit
https://lichess.org/1krcgk9f,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/6y6honkv,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/4a5gy1x6,,,Gruenfeld Defense: Three Knights Variation, Burille Variation
https://lichess.org/6mxmjj7a,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/uwwy403x,,,Bishop's Opening: Philidor Counterattack
https://lichess.org/geytibbn,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/hpk8mv6g,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/nsgq1nuk,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/vgvo9iad,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/50r0ptae,,,King's Gambit Declined, Keene Defense
https://lichess.org/6ieeqkot,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/vaxhnfp7,,,Benoni Defense: Old Benoni
https://lichess.org/6k5vrca4,,,Alekhine Defense #3
https://lichess.org/s6uq8kj9,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/wjg6kdwi,,,Benoni Defense: Old Benoni
https://lichess.org/5yjixay9,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/b21znd91,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/k7e4nnb4,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/baeyg88g,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/w3e0cbe2,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/a2kdfc0e,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/avm4bnag,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed #2
https://lichess.org/u5zq3z2y,,,Zukertort Opening: Black Mustang Defense
https://lichess.org/m8hdddci,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/wzhxyvcc,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/vu34rpat,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/rmg23q9x,,,Slav Defense: Slav Gambit, Alekhine Attack
https://lichess.org/34ai9hls,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/31mcioh7,,,French Defense: Classical Variation, Delayed Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/xx4gljwb,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation, Linksspringer Variation
https://lichess.org/lzzyp3fq,,,Bishop's Opening: Philidor Counterattack
https://lichess.org/f7u1x7e7,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/rexonodv,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed #2
https://lichess.org/jtwndl2l,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/u0qcm7ni,,,Dutch Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/tls78bas,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/azmlkcyo,,,Semi-Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/1aoii6w5,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/xj02nsx2,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/qbznfink,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Scandinavian Variation, Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/v4rhkmmr,,,Blumenfeld Countergambit #2
https://lichess.org/23o60cd4,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/xctejs1d,,,English Opening: Caro-Kann Defensive System
https://lichess.org/a0ceavzn,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/l1yrd35s,,,Sicilian Defense: Hyperaccelerated Fianchetto
https://lichess.org/e5uqy17e,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/jacgxr71,,,Semi-Slav Defense Accepted
https://lichess.org/rh1396vj,,,Englund Gambit Complex: Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/o2hewy47,,,Sicilian Defense: Pin Variation
https://lichess.org/ls9cxiuk,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/w5u8jqi0,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/otnrzk3b,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/zkj0305w,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/wmhgbc89,,,Vienna Game: Stanley Variation
https://lichess.org/jp1ij0gu,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/041qnkq7,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/yko1f8di,,,Trompowsky Attack: Classical Defense
https://lichess.org/qk70oduj,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/tcnkg1qf,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/dffeh3qg,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: 4.Bg5 Be7
