https://lichess.org/l18gv62e,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/z244krn2,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/wsl4diku,,,Pirc Defense: Austrian Attack
https://lichess.org/a0i1i7rj,,,Zukertort Opening: Pirc Invitation
https://lichess.org/ugdkrfko,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/zfxk94vj,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/17od4cmp,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/ty7i3ku2,,,Torre Attack #2
https://lichess.org/umsx3tkl,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/qc5ots8w,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/9mstnxpy,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/p86kzlse,,,Slav Defense: Modern Line
https://lichess.org/lbrrr7ww,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/m5qphq02,,,Sicilian Defense: Accelerated Dragon, Maroczy Bind
https://lichess.org/vpi2pqms,,,Indian Game: West Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/pbwi39jk,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/7twl62sp,,,Scandinavian Defense: Gubinsky-Melts Defense
https://lichess.org/jo9mtb54,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/yju9hc6y,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/62ykr9dx,,,Slav Defense: Modern Line
https://lichess.org/v7p56cc2,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/z75adkb3,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Vienna Variation
https://lichess.org/mbqb6zal,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/rgj9es0i,,,Scandinavian Defense: Gubinsky-Melts Defense
https://lichess.org/8a8xjd7z,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack, Kiddie Countergambit
https://lichess.org/yf63qm8d,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/jfy5m9dx,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Traditional Variation
https://lichess.org/i8ehaci8,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/xgg6eqno,,,Sicilian Defense: Najdorf, Lipnitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/w94kewqs,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/18dz9y6y,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/x80ykqoc,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed Alekhine
https://lichess.org/echxe18c,,,King's Indian Attack: French Variation
https://lichess.org/jhdy7mcq,,,Four Knights Game: Spanish Variation, Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/om53xb2u,,,Petrov's Defense #5
https://lichess.org/o8j9fksa,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/x5hbfa5j,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/a2epfq56,,,Scandinavian Defense: Gubinsky-Melts Defense
https://lichess.org/xfzw5j1c,,,Polish Opening: Queenside Defense
https://lichess.org/wo7u1xmw,,,Benoni Defense: Old Benoni
https://lichess.org/94tsgvoa,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/pmlg824w,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/6stgqppu,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/c19e8442,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/e71js7wv,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/qi9txr9y,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Central Variation, Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/c4ksww6m,,,Scandinavian Defense: Gubinsky-Melts Defense
https://lichess.org/2etas23c,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/tcncdz7m,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/ay5fve48,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/8swlqt5j,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/61fdvsk5,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/gj7zruq1,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/8vylphu9,,,Ponziani Opening: Jaenisch Counterattack
https://lichess.org/6q1vxqnc,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/1m3o12b4,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Stamma Gambit
https://lichess.org/18ory3o0,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation, Normal
https://lichess.org/xk41mbq9,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/9aa5nef9,,,Pirc Defense: Byrne Variation
https://lichess.org/5my271rv,,,French Defense: Reti-Spielmann Attack
https://lichess.org/kgk3l9ld,,,Sicilian Defense: Delayed Alapin
https://lichess.org/jafj335r,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/o74uk5js,,,Alekhine Defense: Four Pawns Attack
https://lichess.org/7f811ypt,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/369b2mvz,,,Zukertort Opening: Lisitsyn Gambit Deferred
https://lichess.org/s50o9rop,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/r9jec3ro,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/lho452rp,,,Sicilian Defense: Open #3
https://lichess.org/7grfcl0e,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/6byaor29,,,Petrov's Defense
https://lichess.org/6gf21sxt,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/rsm2h48i,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/0a1w4gg9,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/fskgmjp8,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/z5r7xe0q,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/0q0crt5b,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/wg5nrwsv,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/67uj1wld,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Panov Attack
https://lichess.org/ibck1cw2,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/vxer44s4,,,Catalan Opening
https://lichess.org/xe5gc3tv,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Nimzowitsch System
https://lichess.org/vcehvg59,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/fwjal93i,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/dcl2a3z3,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/yqv5x82y,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/64klprgc,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/pqwiry8i,,,Rat Defense: Harmonist
https://lichess.org/no9rjzev,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/xyyms9ic,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/i8wnrp2s,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/mrmwkun9,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/534b5luj,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Modern Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/pyjkke4v,,,French Defense: Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/fbakhgfj,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/s6nhon9j,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/xuc4kf3b,,,Scotch Game: Classical Variation, Intermezzo Variation
https://lichess.org/n3tx206a,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/vz9bqm0h,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/olip88hp,,,Polish Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/7rcbgax5,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
