https://lichess.org/fxm5e2e3,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/smxzriij,,,Indian Game: West Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/nft0via7,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/6bwb8qx0,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #3
https://lichess.org/3f74wn5j,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/dvuqtjwu,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/0b1cr89o,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Baltic Defense
https://lichess.org/nfyg68lf,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/jv4svnh4,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/5asiclsc,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/ypzehrvg,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/tvqyggo7,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/8p1lwdk7,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/f7rozp5u,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Veresov Attack, Boyce Defense
https://lichess.org/sr5ykp1p,,,Alekhine Defense: Scandinavian Variation
https://lichess.org/567ahsrg,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/ohlcusy8,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/wtuv5gt8,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/kt9twosw,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/x849ugqa,,,Slav Defense #3
https://lichess.org/v48j83um,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/9eyyeb1m,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/x4jr6fht,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Mikenas Variation
https://lichess.org/rr2e8fm6,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/7q3q3wr6,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/cjp6jpwf,,,Bishop's Opening: Philidor Counterattack
https://lichess.org/4dabbnwv,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/240msq6o,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/1nphr6bz,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/39878rfr,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/7ilky2ib,,,Semi-Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/6hrgsct6,,,Ruy Lopez: Bird Variation
https://lichess.org/8p7w83f0,,,St. George Defense: Polish Variation
https://lichess.org/6uuut1jr,,,King's Indian Defense: Zinnowitz Variation
https://lichess.org/j3pcv3t4,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/vksyyda1,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/uma84bz3,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/fwebfp92,,,Queen's Pawn Opening: Veresov, Richter Attack
https://lichess.org/f2ef75k8,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/7ez5por4,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/mwnzt1cu,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/mh1e0wl3,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/d0bmwnqh,,,Catalan Opening: Closed Variation, Traditional Variation
https://lichess.org/tge3deyg,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/mknqesmv,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/ml75c4d1,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/7jyz1tdq,,,Latvian Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/z5d8b0v1,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/wpc4fdfd,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/8rqbeab7,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/k0knvsng,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/nf1zxjrx,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/0zp5i2y7,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/ntfgytxw,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/6stp165e,,,Italian Game: Scotch Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/uevvg6zi,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/x33ty4yi,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/jhe9bifm,,,Sicilian Defense: Open
https://lichess.org/cszmtukr,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/lr984jpt,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/dl34t2wo,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/6wub4j59,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Modern Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/whtb5r4u,,,Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/xao4ljvu,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/aebvkd67,,,Caro-Kann Defense #2
https://lichess.org/f9f8mgrz,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/hb1mocmb,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/hi0215do,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense #2
https://lichess.org/46l0xj2x,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed Alekhine
https://lichess.org/v4bs8032,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Modern Variation
https://lichess.org/umgyhjap,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/yi0vx3eu,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation, Barmen Defense
https://lichess.org/v51tumz2,,,Philidor Defense: Larsen Variation
https://lichess.org/krmctqko,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/nliq50af,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/ejhlj2rj,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Fried Liver Attack
https://lichess.org/nnb8w4jf,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/8uyiaij6,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/t55bf869,,,Sicilian Defense: Loewenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/kac68z4m,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation, Linksspringer Variation
https://lichess.org/yqha8ovt,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/bn24zbtf,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/wp93pecz,,,Indian Game: Wade-Tartakower Defense
https://lichess.org/csf5igl4,,,Goldsmith Defense
https://lichess.org/8n8o7u6h,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/qzxn8k8k,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Mikenas Variation
https://lichess.org/0cu6odc1,,,Four Knights Game: Halloween Gambit
https://lichess.org/76fn6dfb,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Two Knights Variation, Reversed Dragon
https://lichess.org/q0lj8wjz,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/l8i45aas,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/4lxlfc32,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/rgzhkpp7,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/50zmu3lv,,,Zukertort Opening: Pirc Invitation
https://lichess.org/q07ony9u,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/bxto6tef,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/vj2hbdq8,,,French Defense: Steiner Variation
https://lichess.org/r5mbpkz0,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Leningrad Variation
https://lichess.org/hqne3i2t,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/06eym7r3,,,English Opening: Anglo-Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/f0teevjm,,,Indian Game
