https://lichess.org/pd9bspes,,,English Opening: Great Snake Variation
https://lichess.org/prjc6ro9,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/ru9hd3bz,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/qbs5y5zr,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/0cjgybss,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/pzebt0mr,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/maeu4tpk,,,Bishop's Opening: Philidor Counterattack
https://lichess.org/vgi7q0e9,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/872ni68k,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/fcoomtzd,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/9ogey5ac,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/j3u54n69,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
https://lichess.org/y5tawrgl,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ydz60t8e,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/kcpw4bzh,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/hyrtr40t,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/5bwyojpu,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/5nvct5y4,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/x8ubeub4,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/5t9on8vb,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/3oecitfx,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/ncjcwu35,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/cwwu893a,,,King's Gambit Declined, Petrov's Defense
https://lichess.org/jvi53ptb,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/vta7d1j0,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/ykw0p9yn,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/e5oa9d44,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/t0cme61l,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/eh5zbf7y,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/qwol2jrp,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
https://lichess.org/ov6czxx1,,,King's Pawn Game: Dresden Opening
https://lichess.org/ct50jhjn,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/2tgphyb1,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/ksbnken9,,,Tarrasch Defense: Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/8erb4wmj,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/ieptnyet,,,Nimzowitsch Defense, Declined Variation
https://lichess.org/vcibny7b,,,Bishop's Opening: Ponziani Gambit
https://lichess.org/h2r6pcus,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/4skh3a5r,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/hw1h4b8k,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/zcrngpeb,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/qy00mbrr,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/p3mgyjak,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/8lvdgy4k,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Two Knights Attack
https://lichess.org/8ag8mnhk,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/akx2x4ox,,,French Defense: Paulsen Variation
https://lichess.org/mt1di4i5,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/hmk4kx2e,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/dm36rb47,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/9h68cb2q,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/4td7c70z,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/jhqcbsfu,,,Four Knights Game: Gunsberg Variation
https://lichess.org/j8wsh4x1,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/q84dsa9l,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/bvksqjkv,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/tbundrdv,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/xxj82ana,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
https://lichess.org/ti8l0pkd,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/s7l16j84,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Torre Attack
https://lichess.org/7vhx8nvz,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/9lgewbai,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/ctxkowqy,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/0kyumkzk,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/qaj240ta,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/bszx3u51,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/e285azsw,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack, Fianchetto Variation
https://lichess.org/2sr4g7q8,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/wqen5bml,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/lx9l1r4f,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/stsv7sux,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: English Variation
https://lichess.org/elvwvfex,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/5m3zbfll,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #4
https://lichess.org/h8k8vuvl,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/uuxh8ptu,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/9yfbldk9,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/hsyyifjt,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
https://lichess.org/mvp1mtez,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/5ijnd0v3,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/xbjij407,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Panov Attack #2
https://lichess.org/z8ayls8s,,,Zukertort Opening: Wade Defense
https://lichess.org/5f49gsb0,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/td466hc9,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/3hd7kbew,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/r6pdkoc8,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/hh0tslks,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/7o9b4rgw,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/ol2xed0t,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/i3pn82x5,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/nsni5e6g,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/fmgf9fkf,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Blachly Gambit
https://lichess.org/hff7mebv,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Becker Defense
https://lichess.org/099lsx8u,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/qdla6frc,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/8tqtoq5p,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/kx1ti3aa,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/hb3yq218,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/rh1gfy4p,,,Latvian Gambit
https://lichess.org/pmfw8832,,,Vienna Game
https://lichess.org/5owpn173,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/jk8f3ssx,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
