https://lichess.org/bsyunax3,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Paulsen Attack
https://lichess.org/xgv8f3fz,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/zsuxq5cb,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/ljih5nsi,,,Vienna Game
https://lichess.org/5phfor4g,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/6dkdlbsd,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Two Knights Attack
https://lichess.org/omlcfmzr,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/9rt42sc3,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/asg2ssbq,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/ukz3w7wg,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/nyi7zlfv,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Two Knights Attack
https://lichess.org/i1gs4xsy,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/6suy26r9,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/uhkaiaup,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/ii1fx1pf,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/fm211fq6,,,Franco-Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/c7ue262e,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/5awjviry,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Stonewall Attack
https://lichess.org/b1kc00nz,,,Dutch Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/fsfhvqau,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/2qqtazym,,,French Defense: Horwitz Attack
https://lichess.org/i70iiz6j,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/29anrj2g,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/4ctrt5a0,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed Alekhine
https://lichess.org/vl5xbl19,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/9c9qq6it,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/db871g1c,,,Three Knights Opening #2
https://lichess.org/c7l5ja9c,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/i38idm1h,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/nxg0t1o7,,,Reti Opening: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/qkh1qia6,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/clbej4hj,,,English Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/xzghb6e1,,,Sicilian Defense: Loewenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/6nqugbz2,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/vqxe3ks7,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/0esca7gd,,,Alekhine Defense: Maroczy Variation
https://lichess.org/di6kjlmz,,,Budapest Defense
https://lichess.org/j8vzkymb,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Rasa-Studier Gambit
https://lichess.org/zl5cgzi7,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/sel75owz,,,Italian Game: Schilling-Kostic Gambit
https://lichess.org/boa0dlim,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/25dw5znl,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/f1eg2ybg,,,Zukertort Opening: Black Mustang Defense
https://lichess.org/gi5t8fzj,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/8dibeevb,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/ymw4c3re,,,Indian Game: Budapest Defense
https://lichess.org/vv8gqta7,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/mg6y72rt,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/530pufqf,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/4q707fqv,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/aqs8gn0j,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/9n386sn3,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/3lkhe9nt,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/zmsydmbc,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/bb8c2289,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/vei46bkm,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Tarrasch Variation
https://lichess.org/d039gypt,,,Alekhine Defense #2
https://lichess.org/2bzrusca,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/4v0dqrmt,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/g8y2f5s5,,,Duras Gambit
https://lichess.org/h10iirj8,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/dewdenf9,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/e6u90pzd,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/g3zt3o67,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/1ekmvxwc,,,English Opening: Anglo-Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/b2a679f0,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/n3o9enfh,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/skchwar1,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense, Janowski Variation
https://lichess.org/rhnwc2qq,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/zn18es4c,,,Vienna Game: Max Lange Defense
https://lichess.org/pur46ofe,,,Pirc Defense #2
https://lichess.org/o3vhqprt,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/xu95wz48,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/jd6bva88,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System
https://lichess.org/oj6dicmi,,,Dutch Defense: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/bb1m9acd,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Scandinavian Variation, Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/3im6ar34,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/6b5w11xx,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/wpo99s5w,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/noz8m1h0,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/f1y03uyf,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/g2jsz6vz,,,Benoni Defense: Old Benoni
https://lichess.org/w8qwqg7d,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/r73rww3g,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/g09pfdth,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/czkvjsn8,,,Scotch Game: Goering Gambit, Double Pawn Sacrifice
https://lichess.org/a4k6dyml,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/r5nav5wc,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/gzp2hd3r,,,Van Geet Opening: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/vczq0z4b,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/u8217qqk,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/n0skvmv3,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense
https://lichess.org/cl9z2vo9,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Harrwitz Attack, Two Knights Defense, Blockade Line
https://lichess.org/sxt2nkxh,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/yapiev37,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack, Kiddie Countergambit
https://lichess.org/qpq9jc1j,,,Sicilian Defense: Open #2
https://lichess.org/550qvldw,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/tpggml3i,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/99xsosec,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/kq9qbs54,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
