https://lichess.org/4jiwykb6,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/huj9ksia,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/ttuyvizt,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/98fhbqe2,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/tlou40mq,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/306ytiss,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Harrwitz Attack, Two Knights Defense
https://lichess.org/xtooc2v8,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/j8pm0512,,,Colle System #2
https://lichess.org/nkxjw5yj,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/2ckfx6wu,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/gwdvh3bd,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/52tdp8k5,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/f0neo7dj,,,Alekhine Defense: Maroczy Variation
https://lichess.org/4ya9et30,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/qwc9tsha,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/uvzcqynb,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/t9mr1pto,,,Rubinstein Opening
https://lichess.org/e9flv8xy,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/vf6ph92h,,,Sicilian Defense: Open
https://lichess.org/htf31dfg,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/r8c7fzk6,,,Philidor Defense #4
https://lichess.org/lyxtx3j2,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/s9c7fuzv,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/quv0wkuj,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/oysbwekz,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/dtqpgaek,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/uv8n244c,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/4s724ngs,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/9mxi3moh,,,Dutch Defense: Korchnoi Attack
https://lichess.org/xzi1fyf5,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/cyr8zbik,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/ik7lr144,,,Four Knights Game: Spanish Variation
https://lichess.org/bmjadd5n,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/kmtckivj,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/rxrr5zu2,,,Sicilian Defense: Delayed Alapin
https://lichess.org/6fh5jjs6,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Italian Four Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/p8fthctl,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/fbd9uid8,,,Russian Game: Modern Attack, Symmetrical Variation #2
https://lichess.org/5nfh2ijn,,,Reti Opening: Reti Accepted
https://lichess.org/0ot6t9le,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/qtzq64ra,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/n3iqegm3,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/vk24d3ip,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/1g8kw8z6,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #4
https://lichess.org/sjp66zm5,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/9e9a5swo,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/qeg4tvk3,,,Slav Defense: Slav Gambit, Alekhine Attack
https://lichess.org/w7cvavfq,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/658arfex,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/68ssh9rd,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/p438i9z4,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/csnohc4p,,,King's Pawn Game: Maroczy Defense
https://lichess.org/t3ui1d2t,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/crj6irbt,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Canal Variation
https://lichess.org/i0i43vdv,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/bcpowip2,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/1l6ecl67,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/cqolwa0k,,,Old Benoni Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ehrlbqpr,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/jvdmxp5c,,,King's Pawn Game: Macleod Attack
https://lichess.org/02jv01wa,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/zpv1mdwn,,,Yusupov-Rubinstein System
https://lichess.org/n83bto1w,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/dreu00dz,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/v71mxwvn,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/nzr5lt3e,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/tj7s0gsl,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/ryo15h2n,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/mxwbdfrj,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/n672jjc1,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/6tyg9wgd,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/df5crb88,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/wpeilu28,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/y104ruo2,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
https://lichess.org/dlgffqdb,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/c696iuf6,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/3bk7xzvs,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Canal Variation
https://lichess.org/cufbtsh3,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/vizct5dh,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/07ulxut7,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/pern6b10,,,Indian Game: Tartakower Attack
https://lichess.org/y0mppxvo,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Nimzowitsch System
https://lichess.org/uave5rny,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/nk2cvc90,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/v6sene5u,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/nz2rn69f,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/799pdqgx,,,Ruy Lopez: Spanish Countergambit
https://lichess.org/7ya1de6q,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/3qd8mjg5,,,Old Benoni Defense #2
https://lichess.org/rhf9f1go,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/i7mi621y,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/nvgk5nh0,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/b5ogf5dg,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/dngi8dox,,,Sicilian Defense: Scheveningen Variation, English Attack #2
https://lichess.org/7di72uaj,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: von Popiel Gambit
https://lichess.org/g780t49w,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/d799iq4n,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/v35ivo30,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/avxubpty,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/sxozjjw6,,,King's Pawn
