https://lichess.org/8v7vza8k,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Semi-Tarrasch Defense
https://lichess.org/vmh6wr0n,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/s0bx6nwi,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/t7plbukt,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/eens237y,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/hkwyvbjx,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/zsqi6kws,,,Bishop's Opening: Philidor Counterattack
https://lichess.org/alzwujov,,,Philidor Defense: Nimzowitsch Variation
https://lichess.org/8ote46xv,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/i08p3vfs,,,King's Pawn Game: Dresden Opening
https://lichess.org/ky7uu9ki,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/o3gpifb5,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ognczr07,,,Sicilian Defense: Franco-Sicilian Variation
https://lichess.org/kbb66o0f,,,Amazon Attack
https://lichess.org/i8j70tjp,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/rsp5yt6m,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/fs3b218p,,,Scotch Game: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/pmyxe1f9,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/zhvotsng,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Forgacs Variation
https://lichess.org/csh5pxdg,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Orthodox Defense
https://lichess.org/fq3vtnwe,,,Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/xzen606x,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Exchange Variation, Positional Variation #2
https://lichess.org/dvn6v1mk,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/him5f6lk,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/7wvjsqbi,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/7rfyizof,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Nimzowitsch System
https://lichess.org/aoa5d199,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/pvxxh7jk,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/po49quuh,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/2kgtgw8d,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/v4kq5vxj,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/bdzhp40l,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/pxl5sdcr,,,Queen's Gambit
https://lichess.org/hs14guzl,,,Queen's Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/ppzgaqxj,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/kxr0zm88,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/fpgx6izx,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Accelerated Panov Attack #2
https://lichess.org/99zygczx,,,Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/c1mekfgo,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/zz83q8tf,,,French Defense: Winawer Variation, Winckelmann-Riemer Gambit
https://lichess.org/ltpdnt9r,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Bonsch-Osmolovsky Variation
https://lichess.org/g59gvxzu,,,Sicilian Defense: Wing Gambit
https://lichess.org/mh40mc7p,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/42xkcq0m,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation Accepted
https://lichess.org/gm3q3jdd,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/pptg72pu,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/dsx3h7mp,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/9tevsew6,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/h9zafrzg,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/cmt2egfv,,,Modern Defense: Geller's System
https://lichess.org/62q1r7pq,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/7l2oajd1,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/puo9ulej,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/shanerfh,,,King's Gambit Accepted: Modern Defense #2
https://lichess.org/4irgzygd,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation
https://lichess.org/d4zlp02v,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/a7kr0gb5,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/lbjp84vw,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/8p8hsov6,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/kh64tiw1,,,Italian Game: Bird's Attack
https://lichess.org/ufios6pe,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/ve66fmje,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Netherlands Variation
https://lichess.org/lxanl6l3,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen Variation
https://lichess.org/w5yjfpfn,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/zocg82pf,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/lwq7zkp4,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Two Knights Attack
https://lichess.org/9aorugej,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/1ce00isg,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Krause Variation
https://lichess.org/hwoyboj0,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/i44ooddj,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/cg3rg0ox,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/8ylmsmra,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, de Riviere Gambit
https://lichess.org/ssstso3g,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/pubk15z1,,,Semi-Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/ogs0htl9,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Normal Defense
https://lichess.org/3pfan2k8,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/adf1ti6d,,,Indian Game: West Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/o6di7l5c,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Reversed Sicilian
https://lichess.org/m2gi9cvl,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/ctjef3g2,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/hip0myk9,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/ruhd3nd0,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/jt1wxyjv,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Marshall Gambit
https://lichess.org/q4iuelk2,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/s7rzusm3,,,Englund Gambit Complex: Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/n3ux4sxs,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Ryder Gambit
https://lichess.org/a2gogp8o,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/nntz2aid,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/r2ibq835,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/1ptw3hh0,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/12trxwh0,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/v1osdchs,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/u5j7fozr,,,Sicilian Defense: Open #3
https://lichess.org/85wyfekh,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/1o0663wg,,,Slav Defense #3
https://lichess.org/82j2w01w,,,Sicilian Defense: Hyperaccelerated Fianchetto
https://lichess.org/zryzkpdk,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Accelerated Panov Attack
https://lichess.org/94ljekcc,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/go02sufa,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Steinitz Countergambit
https://lichess.org/xr933bkc,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Nimzowitsch System
