https://lichess.org/2qcqe0ji,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/5pdsi5i0,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/42by4xf4,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/12i7f5pn,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Normal Line
https://lichess.org/97ldiew8,,,Benoni Defense: Old Benoni
https://lichess.org/kmzoob49,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/2gvrz6ip,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense #3
https://lichess.org/0jh6wqps,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/yss8cgi3,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/3cxoxlj9,,,Latvian Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/hjmkxriz,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/cwefd9v5,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Normal Defense
https://lichess.org/4eyc6boo,,,King's Indian Defense: Petrosian Variation, Normal Defense
https://lichess.org/yc6ttrxa,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Williams Variation
https://lichess.org/w581xiii,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit
https://lichess.org/3y07q8gm,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Accelerated Move Order
https://lichess.org/bmw1z17z,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/oopm678k,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/3xa2cc1u,,,Sicilian Defense: Hyperaccelerated Dragon
https://lichess.org/03j7d0ir,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/nfzqtncn,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/18xjz96c,,,Petrov's Defense
https://lichess.org/d5v1lqps,,,Alekhine Defense: Two Pawn Attack
https://lichess.org/4ezn476q,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/a4h92gyz,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/ms857t7a,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/4j5eab0s,,,King's Pawn Game: Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/t6ji97ye,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/1z56cmhx,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/ilw3ulmp,,,Alekhine Defense: Two Pawn Attack
https://lichess.org/1f8779ai,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/6o2kybyc,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/c2pfqpy6,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/u1xlwv7x,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/elbs62yd,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/aq14fumt,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/vipbed91,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/gdhe4s1f,,,Indian Game: West Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/w7le79m2,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/gim74809,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/f1kquz8u,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/refr8yrj,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/zrysjpf5,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Accelerated Panov Attack #2
https://lichess.org/b5jqqky6,,,Sicilian Defense: Accelerated Dragon
https://lichess.org/uh3cw1l3,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/qz14gsal,,,Alekhine Defense: Krejcik Variation
https://lichess.org/8sh7239l,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/pkizia4a,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/3724sbhz,,,King's Pawn Game: Maroczy Defense
https://lichess.org/ijrnr2lg,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/6f0qf23u,,,Ponziani Opening: Jaenisch Counterattack
https://lichess.org/i4hhyldw,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/6tawmk5e,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Normal Defense
https://lichess.org/lcnnlzub,,,French Defense: Winawer Variation, Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/cz3qoik3,,,Sicilian Defense: Loewenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/935td8cw,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/w5z8k0r5,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/weurjq8d,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/mh2kz3ll,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/3fq5vaz2,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/2v7a675e,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/2u1gwcte,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/9guspanj,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #2
https://lichess.org/yd5sqnw8,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Nimzowitsch System
https://lichess.org/dhka9w5b,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Normal Variation, Bishop Attack
https://lichess.org/9af9001o,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/oyw282zd,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/s261yfjr,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/krwkdaia,,,English Opening: Symmetrical Variation, Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/05iqbumo,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/1xpbqlwj,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Paulsen Attack
https://lichess.org/q5751mj2,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Normal Variation, Bishop Attack
https://lichess.org/rtzxypop,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/23s77n46,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/7o92nl98,,,Sicilian Defense: Open #2
https://lichess.org/7lrwmzfq,,,Scotch Game: Schmidt Variation
https://lichess.org/858fa1m0,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/ii0l0c7x,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/uyt2ir34,,,English Opening: Symmetrical Variation, Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/yghghqp2,,,French Defense: Mediterranean Defense
https://lichess.org/813hgzcz,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/acwid19y,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Steinitz Countergambit
https://lichess.org/rkg7jq3d,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/k3ahsj42,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/wmzsk06a,,,Englund Gambit Complex: Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/uxbhf2ce,,,English Opening: Anglo-Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/qpz5l1t1,,,Sicilian Defense: Loewenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/5e411638,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/nokqpkuk,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/t80y38nq,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
https://lichess.org/7gyhu47j,,,Sicilian Defense: Scheveningen Variation, Modern Variation #3
https://lichess.org/wemz64tc,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/n7njn3z4,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/e1w83bht,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Normal Variation, Bishop Attack
https://lichess.org/2lm3qzqd,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/e7lau6hb,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/zyfcyt9f,,,Hungarian Opening: Slav Formation
https://lichess.org/m2yca3f8,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen Variation, Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/242dogej,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/e5z19wj9,,,English Opening: Symmetrical Variation, Normal Variation
