https://lichess.org/pmlxe1rl,,,Vienna Game: Mieses Variation
https://lichess.org/fqfsof34,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/x461pr1e,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/t3xumiy8,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/b4sgiqgf,,,Kangaroo Defense
https://lichess.org/h6h9fwvm,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/gb0ouu18,,,Pirc Defense
https://lichess.org/gkunwcl3,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
https://lichess.org/ig0xrtmr,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/8tj55wex,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/mff6lupg,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/xq069vr6,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/vevjgc6l,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/4tjvz1i7,,,Slav Defense: Slav Gambit, Alekhine Attack
https://lichess.org/uax5jymb,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/z0kiyhev,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Stamma Gambit
https://lichess.org/r2umlpz2,,,Indian Game: London System
https://lichess.org/nxhlsnrl,,,Petrov's Defense
https://lichess.org/jtcz3isl,,,Yusupov-Rubinstein System
https://lichess.org/v8hs8g94,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/0xd6xk9a,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/1bkf5rr0,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/lof5qbuq,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/6p84riue,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/xqgqmpk7,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/bkky59nf,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/twqmovom,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/0qxorc0x,,,Dutch Defense: Hopton Attack
https://lichess.org/tsmreccz,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/qjfyuu0n,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/xfs5un0c,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/70ipcq76,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/eo1ms1vr,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/9v9aylkx,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/99pi9n89,,,Tarrasch Defense: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/x8ia4twz,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/1rzwkdsp,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/12tltylu,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/corir6bm,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/9e4a3g3t,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack, Kiddie Countergambit
https://lichess.org/g3a07gip,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/8bl2wq1e,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/nbm4xhbi,,,English Opening: Anglo-Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/lsxg4b93,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/spi57ahp,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit
https://lichess.org/6f1w5pwh,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/uelx00sp,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/hq6lngbl,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/4ot8giun,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/ro9v5vw5,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/kkn6kpzf,,,English Opening: Caro-Kann Defensive System
https://lichess.org/hotdwbca,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/a9ri7m7v,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/dkh1a0yt,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/j0pxqcnn,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/07m4akn7,,,Alekhine Defense: Scandinavian Variation
https://lichess.org/wdgfwed1,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Nimzowitsch Gambit
https://lichess.org/mdbkx0jc,,,King's Pawn Game: Dresden Opening
https://lichess.org/dcm7yt58,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/5ti8nuyn,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/d7h20keb,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/9n7w5qvx,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/psniebzx,,,Zukertort Opening: Queenside Fianchetto Variation
https://lichess.org/0oj012ya,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/86j8baci,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/6gh213nl,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/5amqxbi3,,,Italian Game: Schilling-Kostic Gambit
https://lichess.org/kypcqq8r,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Polerio Defense
https://lichess.org/kspxt8zq,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/fq9ps8n4,,,Pirc Defense: Classical Variation, Quiet System
https://lichess.org/0bkkydfy,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/rt88qg3m,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/w5ltkliv,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/2s7ctb6x,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Austrian Defense
https://lichess.org/fig7po3a,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/2rnks5jl,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/3105thrn,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/5av42smk,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/x3n6eprh,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/sg9sj04o,,,Ruy Lopez: Bird Variation
https://lichess.org/pfh0b27g,,,Benoni Defense: Hromadka System
https://lichess.org/o05kowhh,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/sa72hlhs,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/bj7doafj,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/9b6igood,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/05pgyp9e,,,Pirc Defense: Classical Variation, Quiet System
https://lichess.org/3lpv3ydb,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation, Zukertort Gambit
https://lichess.org/bwdy90g1,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/qus066ay,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/frtdv6ga,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/m7vnd3dz,,,Englund Gambit Complex: Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/2g2g9ibw,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/ac68qzag,,,Sicilian Defense: Lasker-Pelikan Variation, Schlechter Variation
https://lichess.org/wk2fvu3r,,,Zukertort Opening: Lisitsyn Gambit
https://lichess.org/8arla7a6,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/70qupl6v,,,Scotch Game #3
https://lichess.org/uzmwh3h0,,,Colle System #2
https://lichess.org/5vtcc67q,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/s39ntv4x,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/eh55bvmi,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
