https://lichess.org/aor9pf8c,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/ewmcjpx5,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/5fsouw8e,,,Barnes Defense
https://lichess.org/a04fv7d3,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/fo44o5rh,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Modern Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/vyq3zsk6,,,Zukertort Opening: Ross Gambit
https://lichess.org/cibftwyk,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/tgzpdht2,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/o68ik71l,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/xgww54qe,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Williams Variation
https://lichess.org/vziuwlco,,,Vienna Game: Max Lange Defense
https://lichess.org/bakxgr8q,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/li6tdww7,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/0f7g5r7p,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/ouyvggfu,,,Petrov's Defense
https://lichess.org/j58vl4ce,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/xdkl04tz,,,Scandinavian Defense: Gubinsky-Melts Defense
https://lichess.org/o54myo2i,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/30pg1l46,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/najcggm3,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/ftaer82a,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/os4tmp7v,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/aghevt5v,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/k7bhb4yb,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Pseudo-Spanish Variation
https://lichess.org/7ozmiezo,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/djuyb9hg,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/77k8niep,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/usk5xcrn,,,Ponziani Opening
https://lichess.org/cdmzk2y9,,,Hungarian Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/b5n1x68h,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/x3iu750f,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/ai5u6i8b,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/0q2k75pp,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/apgoxja3,,,Scotch Game: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/zws2s0qt,,,English Opening: Great Snake Variation
https://lichess.org/g6ojew9k,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/u1rsbski,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/vft98vp7,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/xedjs5ng,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/xx4ps77l,,,Vienna Game: Anderssen Defense
https://lichess.org/d4k4ulvu,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Krause Variation
https://lichess.org/2ypigdam,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/99narlin,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/4copwwsz,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/faixt5ns,,,King's Pawn Game: Maroczy Defense
https://lichess.org/iydqklgv,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
https://lichess.org/7qu2bsjy,,,Sicilian Defense: Grand Prix Attack
https://lichess.org/io8bt22l,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/h1cfp3kb,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/hz979fi6,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/qwvkh7e9,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/gsyyx163,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Anglo-Slav Opening
https://lichess.org/2lucaiz5,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/t1b3te9q,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/ww328lv0,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/xu7gllye,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/rdf93sge,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/n513vinn,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/rovpkgr5,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/o4zuqmku,,,King's Gambit Declined, Keene Defense
https://lichess.org/6amdvpdu,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/vxc4it6b,,,Hungarian Opening: Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/vsmr4g1r,,,Zukertort Opening: Kingside Fianchetto
https://lichess.org/un3x7dfz,,,Sicilian Defense: Delayed Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/ajv3tw9c,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation, Pseudo-Catalan
https://lichess.org/egjsbpbz,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/cqy00ttl,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/ida5v6sv,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/w4ndcjj0,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/l36hlsyr,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/qbqg4y67,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/e769oiuk,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/44tgqwwe,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/2eq3827n,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/bc49swzk,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/vog8nrnq,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/njfwq47r,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Fischer Defense
https://lichess.org/2jkxejz5,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/tee6q6kj,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/uzbifu06,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/g4bgzdpb,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/9wl4f4nk,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/mfjxxttm,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/v332voxu,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/8i09zc6y,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/jjvxxznw,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/ceh4am98,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/oy3ofpl0,,,Four Knights Game: Spanish Variation
https://lichess.org/8bww7sat,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/lmyptyei,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/jusvgr1b,,,Slav Defense: Modern Line
https://lichess.org/few2o3j8,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/gzkvl3uh,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/vduhjlbm,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/kqros5q2,,,Four Knights Game: Spanish Variation
https://lichess.org/wh3721ei,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/kcjqmv0a,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/ll6x240v,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/mozb3bxt,,,Pirc Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/yzkymjql,,,Benoni Defense: King's Pawn Line
