https://lichess.org/05l4djrj,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Veresov Attack, Alburt Defense
https://lichess.org/7px14mq6,,,Sicilian Defense: Najdorf Variation
https://lichess.org/j5af7bcy,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/5w4f2218,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/rm44hb62,,,Mikenas Defense: Cannstatter Variation
https://lichess.org/e2syl98m,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/tj26yc8y,,,Sicilian Defense: Modern Variations, Main Line
https://lichess.org/soegfiiz,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/ld5afhhb,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/nefao602,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Scandinavian Variation, Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/9sdoki7q,,,King's Indian Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/vy03z11a,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/14od5x72,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Veresov Attack, Alburt Defense
https://lichess.org/e98d5ztz,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/r22be2ie,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Two Knights Attack, Mindeno Variation, Exchange Line
https://lichess.org/q3iigcfn,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/yqk0yf9q,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit Deferred
https://lichess.org/zsvn0ui3,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Veresov Attack, Alburt Defense
https://lichess.org/kcg5sxic,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Accelerated Move Order
https://lichess.org/5ewk3xp7,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/iscazk6o,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Spielmann Variation
https://lichess.org/jld2vl87,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/ka37weh4,,,Zukertort Opening: Pirc Invitation
https://lichess.org/88u0xf9c,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/zxewk9bz,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Veresov Attack, Alburt Defense
https://lichess.org/lknh0xt3,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/na7eqtt3,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/obcn0d2x,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/wzghn8r5,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/8v1qd3aj,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Veresov Attack, Alburt Defense
https://lichess.org/hdgovim0,,,Zukertort Opening: Pirc Invitation
https://lichess.org/z3ifumtj,,,Englund Gambit Complex Declined
https://lichess.org/ppdon0cv,,,Bishop's Opening: Philidor Variation
https://lichess.org/te2hv8ba,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/hc993x2w,,,Reti Opening: Advance Variation, Michel Gambit
https://lichess.org/zvs1gwkb,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Two Knights Attack
https://lichess.org/k4a1iwdq,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/t3okgvmh,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/vcxf7spv,,,Tarrasch Defense: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/559hb6bt,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/adtcqpcv,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Veresov Attack, Alburt Defense
https://lichess.org/xszd3bw7,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Veresov Attack, Alburt Defense
https://lichess.org/i565ce38,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/tszbfi26,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/7khoa12f,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/zcf9zn7q,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/uz191338,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/4sn5rox9,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Veresov Attack, Alburt Defense
https://lichess.org/ahtj23sl,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/omkduc33,,,Italian Game: Schilling-Kostic Gambit
https://lichess.org/gtibyoyj,,,Mikenas Defense
https://lichess.org/6jmxglcw,,,Sicilian Defense: Dragon, 6.Be3
https://lichess.org/ynny0kym,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Veresov Attack, Alburt Defense
https://lichess.org/7m0dmgti,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/xv30ypse,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/x67axif5,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/krewpojq,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/vy3jeenh,,,Bishop's Opening: Philidor Variation
https://lichess.org/pkwke7hx,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/2ypm2qk7,,,Queen's Pawn Opening: Veresov Attack, Irish Gambit
https://lichess.org/negfqxnh,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/s7j9zyb3,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/3xx7c9yu,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/sqwplmjf,,,Alekhine Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/vmgiibx6,,,King's Pawn Game: Maroczy Defense
https://lichess.org/0a9uvof4,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/fx27r484,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/7xxnvb5o,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/y1rjh76g,,,Rat Defense: Harmonist
https://lichess.org/757m41rl,,,French Defense: Winawer Variation, Positional Variation
https://lichess.org/ch7o43fn,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/ryntkvic,,,Alekhine Defense: Mokele Mbembe
https://lichess.org/gumwxvwh,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/w8f8wu76,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/btv53a1k,,,Sicilian Defense: Brick Variation
https://lichess.org/kxsads7y,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/uyjnklp9,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/7evdpx6e,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/iacec09z,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/bwtij89f,,,King's Pawn Game: Tortoise Opening
https://lichess.org/1h841nfl,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/ouej9bya,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/ykabfplh,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/eyr9nmg1,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/ry8og1e6,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense, Modern Gambit
https://lichess.org/jzjoqyih,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/iy1m0xo6,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/nog9fo06,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/vpyo1yje,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed Alekhine
https://lichess.org/foymclcf,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/fxrfslqu,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/pagnxzu8,,,Vienna Game #2
https://lichess.org/a78zdmvq,,,Alekhine Defense: John Tracy Gambit
https://lichess.org/8m5traoi,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/li1lpnt7,,,Zukertort Opening: Pirc Invitation
https://lichess.org/k50gebk6,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/oo2fgz4t,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/7t6odv0z,,,Bishop's Opening: Philidor Counterattack
https://lichess.org/mgxjimw1,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/hkog3en5,,,Zukertort Opening: Pirc Invitation
