https://lichess.org/07cz6zp8,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/47v03ms5,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/48uef05p,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/v658yjvo,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation, Traditional
https://lichess.org/3esnzo2o,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/mpqyfwb3,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/b45wdq3g,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/pulwxtra,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/cvs6kmhv,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/ju1bsfn1,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense #3
https://lichess.org/suzqykf0,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/2d51zi5r,,,Petrov's Defense
https://lichess.org/vobyi5x6,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/pza5ydu3,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/70rrqvud,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/p75bmv50,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/tiw6de25,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation, Traditional
https://lichess.org/odxu36lu,,,Russian Game: Damiano Variation
https://lichess.org/awyw4jc8,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Central Variation, Alekhine System
https://lichess.org/fx7q2lxz,,,Sicilian Defense: Open #3
https://lichess.org/xrceeb9q,,,Modern Defense: Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/rrj7u8qz,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/0e2ixhd9,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/x032lo4p,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation, Traditional
https://lichess.org/4tmhux7q,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/em6okv6c,,,English Opening: Great Snake Variation
https://lichess.org/cqzjg208,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/7iiq2ohl,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation, Traditional
https://lichess.org/9r47epoi,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/zri2mbjq,,,French Defense: Classical Variation, Richter Attack #2
https://lichess.org/6hz2dnes,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/72v7ntoy,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/gbfebm88,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/lix4ree4,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/6x0ushkh,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/ua2teu6v,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/ui7vwcyc,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/qz61qqs0,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/x898zarr,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/6q4f1wjx,,,Four Knights Game: Gunsberg Variation
https://lichess.org/ia3h7bt5,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/7567osst,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/ugyil9f6,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/fk1wyp0r,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/4ydjvvl7,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/1xs9fztr,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation, Traditional
https://lichess.org/jgmieyw1,,,King's Pawn Game: King's Head Opening #2
https://lichess.org/c2wsh3ix,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/a9p30ofc,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/6ex7p0a7,,,Queen's Pawn Game: London System
https://lichess.org/jrd26l9m,,,Queen's Gambit
https://lichess.org/nh43om2j,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/w6vnucjr,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/r6glyx3n,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/ue3yc0m7,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/wjg4idiu,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/9as4tg5m,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #3
https://lichess.org/d3qw5nhp,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/ytyojih5,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/20hy9ap4,,,English Opening: Anglo-Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/rjaqccbg,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/ixrv77nk,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/9w7q3zye,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/uzyaxwqt,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/gklowin3,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/no7tlrn9,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/0tsap4nn,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #3
https://lichess.org/573m8kr1,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Knight Attack, Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/5atl7qqb,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/udns6bxz,,,French Defense: Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/w1wb5twr,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/dnz8emdn,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/4dojyi6r,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/6azwq2cw,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/0cu7ztes,,,Latvian Gambit
https://lichess.org/2wu1atgv,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/h09jil26,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/iy7js8b6,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/zjmvz56h,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/wrdbvvji,,,Sicilian Defense: Kan Variation, Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/0n01b4fn,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/jcrpfakl,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/8zxymo66,,,Queen's Pawn Game: London System
https://lichess.org/irsljdfn,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/h4tf8esq,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/jhs4coin,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/rolef3jy,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/c9p3xqet,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/jvsmword,,,Alekhine Defense: Two Pawn Attack
https://lichess.org/ur09brl8,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation, Greco Gambit, Traditional Line
https://lichess.org/9rlaejvf,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/ypvy62x1,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Franco-Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/ugvp079n,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit
https://lichess.org/bu54yco0,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/twdw00zg,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/3c0tt7ba,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
https://lichess.org/tacyq1a3,,,Mikenas Defense
https://lichess.org/517ozlom,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/403mmlpn,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/x6gjy6ar,,,Caro-Kann Defense
