https://lichess.org/6y9sxzdg,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Baltic Defense, Pseudo-Slav
https://lichess.org/p76e8n4o,,,Polish Defense
https://lichess.org/6ryt3a2z,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation, Pseudo-Catalan
https://lichess.org/9oz29hbf,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/e1fh47hm,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/e9xeg262,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/9sk7m50b,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/38j07jp1,,,Zukertort Opening: Queenside Fianchetto Variation
https://lichess.org/re3xlxxg,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/drg1oos3,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Showalter Variation
https://lichess.org/9zsvdk8v,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/x5l3mfp3,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Accelerated Mannheim Variation
https://lichess.org/3wz573t6,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/wwxr35d0,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/zaili8bf,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Panov Attack #2
https://lichess.org/3yfcbdpr,,,Scotch Game: Schmidt Variation
https://lichess.org/maxth6uu,,,Zukertort Opening: Queenside Fianchetto Variation
https://lichess.org/u7hrxou7,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/d7sxlgyd,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/qsxkdaqe,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/xc2ze30q,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/axzb4cen,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Fischer Defense
https://lichess.org/1dd8a5ya,,,Polish Opening: Grigorian Variation
https://lichess.org/zrc0ttsp,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/eqm2z12h,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/1xib0vf2,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Panov Attack #2
https://lichess.org/ybnhg1ye,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/t0foenxc,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/5xy91gh9,,,Sicilian Defense: Open
https://lichess.org/ngswgyi9,,,King's Pawn Opening: 2.b3
https://lichess.org/is662zv3,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/yicaj4yp,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/mzr57gtj,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/lmjpki61,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Torre Attack, Gossip Variation
https://lichess.org/m3wsfoy7,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation, Lutikov Variation
https://lichess.org/hvypaije,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/ebw06wuj,,,Four Knights Game: Nimzowitsch (Paulsen)
https://lichess.org/oh7ga8l6,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/0m1zrfq8,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/2tijhqit,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/ubpxifdr,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Panov Attack #2
https://lichess.org/vukjmq1v,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/brnlq450,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/y1ygq6yz,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/s6n03ttq,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/ol1cttk0,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense
https://lichess.org/tcy0egkc,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/adudl06z,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Milner-Barry Gambit
https://lichess.org/7r0c411t,,,Petrov's Defense #2
https://lichess.org/t4aoqrox,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/lhr48hxs,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/3lpch1g4,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/w6htk961,,,Zukertort Opening: Queenside Fianchetto Variation
https://lichess.org/ov9sovju,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/cpulxtwr,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/juzs5dmb,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/osvsqdfq,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/jbm3nong,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/nffmc5y1,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation, Noa Gambit
https://lichess.org/xvvnbliy,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/mjztigpd,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/d7q7b3qw,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/jp2y7sya,,,Dutch Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/1197v454,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/sm77yza1,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/wddrcjik,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/8n66byl2,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/tpbjt25o,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/iq68hqnu,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/pc6uc630,,,Three Knights Opening #2
https://lichess.org/tas72fl0,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/ryyy1qjx,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/drzl9bs4,,,Zukertort Opening: Queenside Fianchetto Variation
https://lichess.org/ldtoflnm,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/om5ic2lq,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/uomlave0,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/wulghmkg,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense, Beverwijk Variation
https://lichess.org/rkk628w5,,,Zukertort Opening: Queenside Fianchetto Variation
https://lichess.org/xieam0ed,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/pugm452n,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/0lyw4nrj,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Stamma Gambit
https://lichess.org/5d8s7iwe,,,Polish Opening: Czech Defense
https://lichess.org/tb52a632,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/0xqmcw8a,,,King's Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/dnfqp6ux,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Canal Variation
https://lichess.org/0zgm0tk2,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/gq87zw8o,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/colc3vgx,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
https://lichess.org/3q29i6pt,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/jw8fpky1,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/fqr0s5w3,,,Sicilian Defense: Modern Variations, Main Line
https://lichess.org/y5vv9fzs,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/k0o6mugq,,,French Defense: Queen's Knight
https://lichess.org/wnrdfmr0,,,Van Geet Opening
https://lichess.org/kxg71f4w,,,King's Pawn Opening: 2.b3
https://lichess.org/a8vwuv9n,,,Ruy Lopez: Schliemann Defense, Jaenisch Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/se0psjym,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/3l50trq7,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/e2944ydz,,,Gruenfeld Defense: Three Knights Variation, Petrosian System
https://lichess.org/m3onovmo,,,Philidor Defense #2
