https://lichess.org/mfentklx,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/wyp6sfb5,,,Indian Game: Wade-Tartakower Defense
https://lichess.org/sef7xt2o,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/91iauddd,,,King's Indian Attack: French Variation
https://lichess.org/ik8kmpww,,,Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/10q9h0aj,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/5v60n4pn,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/uqydai3s,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/xvagt3yl,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/l733wcub,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Franco-Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/h7qpurd0,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/bfwb17m8,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/sksm42vd,,,English Opening: Mikenas-Carls, Sicilian
https://lichess.org/g85gxs3n,,,French Defense: Rubinstein Variation, Fort Knox Variation
https://lichess.org/gromo26s,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit
https://lichess.org/hr5ct7mv,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/b5uh8ruj,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/w15wffrq,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/2ej6he5f,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/skeibika,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/m1ytq2uz,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/xeyc1j1y,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/2htee1i8,,,Zukertort Opening: Ross Gambit
https://lichess.org/vfapacto,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/7orkcxyu,,,Englund Gambit Complex: Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/ggifhtw0,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/akuc7rq9,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Ragozin Variation
https://lichess.org/tahhistd,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/uoxd7xb1,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/siqywqrc,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/atazfxh3,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/pdelqzs7,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/iyjpuxuj,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/x36k9qcd,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/y1bj0c9l,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/w3vsis75,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #2
https://lichess.org/m51d1b9h,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/hribz6kn,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/lrn6hakw,,,Colle System #2
https://lichess.org/rzc0szyr,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: St. Petersburg Variation
https://lichess.org/4cc3j3op,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/hezec946,,,Queen's Pawn Game: London System
https://lichess.org/a9hqfc66,,,English Opening: Mikenas-Carls, Sicilian
https://lichess.org/7n0a3wuw,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/lxsc5jwa,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/ef166tpo,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/lgu22ibq,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/llxgeupw,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/4rqmh1co,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/fzuthgbe,,,Vienna Game: Stanley Variation
https://lichess.org/zcedw2pu,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/8hq0ipia,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/v4k2lqrr,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/mc7ejbtm,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/9n7myefe,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/ydv30uz2,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/9ddwr5an,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/ketqhbhc,,,King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/gp6qmzph,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/cn2sj1i7,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/qlvwnnmw,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/mn9t2n3n,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/qiymaf7d,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/lya5qqva,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/1qimqoo5,,,French Defense: Winawer Variation, Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/l6b3b8zv,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/9wx90cds,,,Bishop's Opening: Vienna Hybrid
https://lichess.org/nkqr4048,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/gpb14t5b,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/c0vxkr9j,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/oc5ke68m,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/8loaghrj,,,Slav Defense: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/9esijjff,,,St. George Defense: Woodchuck Variation
https://lichess.org/fq8fcllh,,,Englund Gambit Complex: Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/cqi1fots,,,Indian Game: Colle System, King's Indian Variation
https://lichess.org/ej589twz,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Franco-Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/8fygdu26,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Panov Attack
https://lichess.org/mz9gamz4,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/94lrqy9u,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/ais8e08z,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/ik9vlfvj,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/7zecqnpg,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/vn3tmrte,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Modern Variation, Normal Line
https://lichess.org/jxxt5jmu,,,Canard Opening
https://lichess.org/xnxaex13,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/7ez811s8,,,Old Benoni Defense #2
https://lichess.org/6hz29jdq,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation, Short Variation
https://lichess.org/oaf2q58e,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/m3sxsuyq,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/0qtpn6jz,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/ass2tslv,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/ucawqymn,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/ygde0p6u,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/rld3ldbt,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Anti-Torre
https://lichess.org/2a047lgu,,,Benoni Defense: King's Pawn Line
https://lichess.org/uixig72u,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/epuipgmq,,,King's Pawn Game: Macleod Attack
https://lichess.org/dl7idk1p,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/8i3s7gho,,,Modern Defense: Three Pawns Attack
https://lichess.org/tx1nxxhx,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
