https://lichess.org/cb8efo8l,,,Hungarian Opening: Slav Formation
https://lichess.org/n2nwaol3,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/4672x9r9,,,Gruenfeld Defense: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/sptfm7ue,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/2nyk2y2t,,,Zukertort Opening: Ross Gambit
https://lichess.org/mjgzfle4,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/fx4llti7,,,Alekhine Defense: Balogh Variation
https://lichess.org/ioph3ass,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/k9wo2ywb,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/l241ca22,,,Colle System #2
https://lichess.org/g0zr3r4v,,,Latvian Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/ztl81ei4,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/i83fvuit,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/i2pby1ys,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/npnll1mc,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/p0hgj4en,,,English Opening: Carls-Bremen System
https://lichess.org/2jovect4,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/d9wvgw7t,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/dl28wxmx,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/3yvsellu,,,Scotch Game: Relfsson Gambit
https://lichess.org/uasew07b,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/55se4lck,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/a1wh7ydg,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Knight Attack
https://lichess.org/83ktcidf,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Knight Attack, Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/kafe1iqv,,,English Opening: Great Snake Variation
https://lichess.org/i0tfb6f2,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/1onqit66,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/vlononjj,,,Vienna Game: Vienna Gambit
https://lichess.org/6qdckdwh,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/heeam4xz,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/sj0vlwjb,,,Colle System #2
https://lichess.org/5frzfoa6,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/p8qep86u,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/gw70eknr,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/z3pjspwx,,,French Defense: Horwitz Attack
https://lichess.org/uq2d5mqa,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/5nokiv1c,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/jmayg3h6,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/7k0rsq1q,,,English Opening: Great Snake Variation
https://lichess.org/22ofk39k,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/2zx84rwd,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/rm9q5mv6,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/skoha87u,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/fkpzekt9,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/04t3flib,,,English Opening: Great Snake Variation
https://lichess.org/shcsogzj,,,Ponziani Opening
https://lichess.org/88k0a8kg,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #3
https://lichess.org/5x0rg3o9,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/bs6mxnxo,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Baltic Defense
https://lichess.org/9mtr51mv,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/xvo0f1go,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/6r65kv1j,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/lcuz14b8,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/m7hab9nf,,,Sicilian Defense: Wing Gambit
https://lichess.org/pt2cc9jx,,,Latvian Gambit
https://lichess.org/reivju94,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/ofibt6g2,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/b1b2raac,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/cjn36gji,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/rnkimsw8,,,Alekhine Defense: Scandinavian Variation
https://lichess.org/n6answ3m,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Fischer Defense
https://lichess.org/8awnya72,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/mk1j0qdg,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/qms1nnyr,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/z5ea4scr,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/w6n1lhle,,,French Defense: Marshall Variation
https://lichess.org/wb7r4m74,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/kue3k1qe,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/xefzal23,,,Sicilian Defense: Wing Gambit
https://lichess.org/scmzkibl,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
https://lichess.org/oekzz579,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/6fo66y5v,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/6gebdyuq,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/2rarx1xx,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/7vyhnwf2,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/3zgws3l8,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/1kbmedgw,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/kfljt5q9,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/rlnbr152,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/1a9dgs53,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/voh823zx,,,Zukertort Opening: Black Mustang Defense
https://lichess.org/6r9b43d6,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/zlxxorh7,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/onj2znz9,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/dvqmn5kw,,,French Defense: Mediterranean Defense
https://lichess.org/nhmumdlc,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/ljb3ksbb,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/8wcqi006,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/czfyhbfo,,,Gedult's Opening
https://lichess.org/jfsybkrq,,,King's Pawn Game: Macleod Attack
https://lichess.org/x5ffrrha,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/3tf651ga,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/u36ak96n,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/zi01crrg,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/r8c6td0t,,,Scotch Game: Goering Gambit, Double Pawn Sacrifice
https://lichess.org/jlb0smsr,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/iuisik87,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/jwzji2gn,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/sn48ysyb,,,Scotch Game #3
https://lichess.org/byjwx521,,,Sicilian Defense: Najdorf Variation
