https://lichess.org/heq5ojy5,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/nq1cczvz,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/9vtru6tl,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/obzll33t,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/apkh7qbf,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/jva034cm,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/51lijm2p,,,French Defense: Mediterranean Defense
https://lichess.org/am9oejm0,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/mhb7bzm3,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/4sqe5h1d,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/3cniz3xt,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/8inc1pxp,,,Neo-Gruenfeld Defense: Classical Variation, Original Defense
https://lichess.org/2qenxpk5,,,Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/0isc74ev,,,Sicilian Defense: Modern Variations, Tartakower
https://lichess.org/5bx5k9w6,,,Latvian Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/rpi72iec,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Euwe Variation
https://lichess.org/xc0tk5ip,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/1dqd2p5g,,,Alekhine Defense: Krejcik Variation, Krejcik Gambit
https://lichess.org/ygw81290,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/jgje0lkg,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/knl2a1k5,,,Hungarian Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/ae1qjpm2,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/2dlfbtnr,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/k93bd0wi,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/k6n4ev3r,,,Sicilian Defense: Lasker-Pelikan Variation, Schlechter Variation
https://lichess.org/wfbaw1ps,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/fpnws3d8,,,Hungarian Opening: Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/gxu5c1co,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/p3ytmzsl,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/2g1c5d3q,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/toimed45,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/2plj2ux6,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ybbp5p0h,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/9hlwubqm,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/esxb89pg,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/tuqoha25,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/zx198kwg,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/1mwhf7rz,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit
https://lichess.org/20zs1uw0,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/auyz0pvn,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/zvvr8qkk,,,Modern Defense: Mongredien Defense #2
https://lichess.org/0oxtjb84,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/72u74zno,,,Hungarian Opening: Slav Formation
https://lichess.org/caf39yrx,,,Sicilian Defense: Wing Gambit, Marshall Variation
https://lichess.org/n5gmc2k0,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/hne6xjvz,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/7y3kesxe,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/vlb5h5cy,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/5hpkvm4y,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/yxielbq5,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/ghq1r23w,,,Hungarian Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/3jqvkfxs,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/3pe8fsa3,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/rjore33b,,,Alekhine Defense: Scandinavian Variation
https://lichess.org/2rdnyoib,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/4sx26w9p,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/zgtzgv8k,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/dvhdjdkl,,,Scandinavian Defense: Gubinsky-Melts Defense
https://lichess.org/ydpajn2u,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/rydpyrjx,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/cbsrhj5p,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense #2
https://lichess.org/anu590kj,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/rudi9310,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/16n9o6tb,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/o96th2o7,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/sm4lahb5,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/uyoigck1,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/p3e8i2l3,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/oh51b62l,,,Sicilian Defense: Wing Gambit
https://lichess.org/75sa0jg9,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/3tvadxvp,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/lcsuulda,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/1nino4x5,,,King's Gambit Accepted: King Knight's Gambit
https://lichess.org/1fnloixo,,,Zukertort Opening: Queenside Fianchetto Variation
https://lichess.org/otjt94ux,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/qnq2yp4z,,,Indian Game: Seirawan Attack
https://lichess.org/3uzcmpmp,,,Scotch Game: Haxo Gambit
https://lichess.org/ukg0jxuc,,,English Opening: Great Snake Variation
https://lichess.org/i4mo4x36,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/qxic9qnm,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/qy6pl2i3,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/3xg9679m,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/441ukoyr,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/b5lehh9q,,,Scotch Game: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/2i2kpf66,,,Modern Defense: Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/8z6w2i4o,,,Dutch Defense: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/k9486h99,,,English Opening: Caro-Kann Defensive System
https://lichess.org/4vgxxoi1,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Masi Variation
https://lichess.org/22j6xeh1,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/bhoex0h3,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/slh4h08m,,,English Opening: Great Snake Variation
https://lichess.org/rj7nvruu,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/74oej35r,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/agdybkrt,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/8meelsc9,,,Russian Game: Modern Attack
https://lichess.org/i9as3cl8,,,Duras Gambit
https://lichess.org/iktxc4on,,,Scotch Game: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/bd8aauo5,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/nl0xqcie,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/fq7srl4v,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense #3
