https://lichess.org/ma544jd7,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/p5kpc5v7,,,Three Knights Opening #2
https://lichess.org/4vnzq2ax,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation, Central Variation
https://lichess.org/enpfxv1f,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/5rx7qv4q,,,Vienna Game
https://lichess.org/s9986v2d,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/mtk6cgk4,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/pyg6korv,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/0s1ogenr,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Torre Attack, Breyer Variation
https://lichess.org/egddlww3,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Perreux Variation
https://lichess.org/a0n8bcn6,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/kvu5adn3,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/6t5wr123,,,Four Knights Game: Gunsberg Variation
https://lichess.org/fy7cwhec,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/fjti61kw,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/k3vpcf7b,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Traxler Counterattack, Bishop Sacrifice Line
https://lichess.org/zpcggrxs,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Classical Variation, Main Line
https://lichess.org/zsryxtsv,,,Bishop's Opening: Vienna Hybrid
https://lichess.org/36ebqchf,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/ot9dntgp,,,Four Knights Game: Gunsberg Variation
https://lichess.org/z83poxhr,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/ht69e8t4,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/rswgi9ht,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/veyybbdj,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/hrr4a3b4,,,Petrov's Defense
https://lichess.org/omdllcbt,,,King's Indian Attack: French Variation
https://lichess.org/wnz1o5ju,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/agtz6n57,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/fzyiafye,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Showalter Variation
https://lichess.org/vyfndafp,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/f2v43dy9,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/ahz0ty5f,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/zt0c8n8b,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/d0vuf9t9,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/blq0pwb8,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/o63ythr3,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/8jx0sj5a,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/u3r1nks2,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/c6ap7h9j,,,Englund Gambit Complex Declined
https://lichess.org/067ftkp7,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/yqjnxy3n,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/3903e624,,,Barnes Defense
https://lichess.org/qvgzvtgu,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/qokw7ddf,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/5kgw93jd,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/7kd6919c,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/upzbjinl,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Breyer Variation
https://lichess.org/6cb10kj7,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/wb09vttw,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation, Monte Carlo Variation
https://lichess.org/pe0f758p,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/shm4b1gd,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/r2nqxet3,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/eb3rawpy,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/4grhrxub,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Modern Variation
https://lichess.org/r5136827,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/c36y055g,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/7a3ovmpm,,,Duras Gambit
https://lichess.org/il2r25b1,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/edq9xvz5,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Breyer Variation
https://lichess.org/sv35i6sy,,,Alekhine Defense: Mokele Mbembe
https://lichess.org/bump5udv,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/0e91hdvg,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/9174mp5i,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/k4tktf5t,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/tl472bnc,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation
https://lichess.org/hxccb98k,,,Sicilian Defense: Accelerated Dragon, Modern Variation
https://lichess.org/pef6q1ni,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/xmdmi568,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/dss3vwpm,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/94hiap47,,,Scotch Game: Goering Gambit
https://lichess.org/6uvcnk1w,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/mrk29ocm,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/yuefqhto,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/n5w7057c,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/ao77lq83,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/gbhfxukb,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/cr006vzv,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/mcr0jrg4,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/hoodr7on,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/jx4t6mip,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/blly05li,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/9m5ns1hq,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/0py6gtyx,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/0yfqr89g,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/xtj72s34,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/742yknd2,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/1ydwnmgo,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/qnpj17s9,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/s35nmb4k,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/81sijbcs,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/p3aahszn,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/7wqql789,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/fube7exu,,,Englund Gambit Complex: Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/lhl1d6u6,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/az4x5zm6,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/k78shotr,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/riqazj57,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/j57tjzvo,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/yt60mcmt,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/0vmkazpo,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
