https://lichess.org/ex6z6fah,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/h0k4rec0,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/mys8g1z6,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/4gc42qmx,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/gqm2bgqe,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/vnzh45vb,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/ysmj8dqa,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/meud3tnz,,,Slav Indian
https://lichess.org/smaf4gqd,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/o5nf8ird,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/au5ts2bj,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/kzd425e5,,,Sicilian Defense: Hyperaccelerated Dragon
https://lichess.org/2vt8oj5w,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/jenetva9,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Veresov Attack, Classical Defense
https://lichess.org/xmt7nvz3,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/2qdq0w75,,,Gedult's Opening
https://lichess.org/1r93l715,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/t9td4spa,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/qjyph2zb,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #3
https://lichess.org/huio5gy1,,,Philidor Defense: Nimzowitsch Variation
https://lichess.org/qfp4lt1c,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/lsqvmaeg,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/ed1fw1qi,,,Bishop's Opening: Philidor Counterattack
https://lichess.org/gwvbla5x,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/ajkuk9u2,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack, Kiddie Countergambit
https://lichess.org/wrtdsg3k,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/kh3w5a8n,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/875zrskn,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/3gs3x65e,,,Modern Defense: Averbakh Variation
https://lichess.org/osrluj9w,,,St. George Defense: Polish Variation
https://lichess.org/ihx1r6md,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/wh8cya1y,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/74kjgy1p,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/rpx7v5lo,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/q02kt03j,,,Petrov: Modern Attack
https://lichess.org/guaee5vc,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/32ckz80p,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/lyiyps0b,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/amv13sqw,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack, Kiddie Countergambit
https://lichess.org/i37n9kqc,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/q3szhlq7,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/97k4ozt0,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/4928b3rg,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: El Columpio Defense
https://lichess.org/2vj63k3d,,,French Defense: Advance, Steinitz Variation
https://lichess.org/my1hfjty,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/0k8wawuq,,,Alekhine Defense: Maroczy Variation
https://lichess.org/frdwkc3e,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/b5kf2i3x,,,King's Pawn Game: Macleod Attack
https://lichess.org/9ax1qxzw,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/9xifmzw6,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/7oicgxyf,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System
https://lichess.org/53sjodr8,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/chj11q4r,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/x2dwbwv5,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/3svdhngr,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ro1ycabp,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/j0f4fe8p,,,King's Pawn Opening: 2.b3
https://lichess.org/9htc0s53,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/993ogapt,,,Colle System: Traditional Colle
https://lichess.org/2r0vs8v3,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/mbozqerl,,,Bird Opening: From's Gambit
https://lichess.org/zpji6s30,,,Petrov's Defense
https://lichess.org/591p3gl2,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/au5wpds4,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/ot4ywkta,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Austrian Defense
https://lichess.org/vlp1tjw6,,,Danish Gambit Accepted, Classical Defense
https://lichess.org/dwcn37io,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/5x3wx77f,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/2rjcfwju,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/qfm9qz1j,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Been-Koomen Variation
https://lichess.org/ufcp5ors,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/s96d4ha4,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ghl2inrr,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/7y4rxl6y,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/w1ufqo8o,,,King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/o2v5ht1p,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/9ywe0ocp,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/yrj04y59,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/jecrx1vg,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/rgu1wjgh,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/rroqjebe,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/kluwc034,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ppqp6olq,,,Sicilian Defense: Najdorf Variation
https://lichess.org/0nrlo28w,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/425e4qku,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/ocabpt2l,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/7xeudpl2,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/dvvopmj1,,,King's Gambit Declined, Keene Defense
https://lichess.org/3z514sa8,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/ofcl24fc,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/qbo4pqk0,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/o5iarer8,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/t86tmuu2,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/7cdstpu2,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/johk5fa3,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/wsy7d4ol,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/u3a7k9br,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/q950205c,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Classical Variation, Main Line
https://lichess.org/hwkw2eug,,,King's Knight Opening: Konstantinopolsky
https://lichess.org/ej1w33tt,,,Sicilian Defense
