https://lichess.org/qfp5e30o,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/ei4zo9u8,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/hzd9n5eh,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/nchw7llb,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/00q4l4ty,,,King's Pawn Game: King's Head Opening #2
https://lichess.org/te12vy4q,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/mh73c16e,,,Sicilian Defense: Lasker-Dunne Attack
https://lichess.org/ftgv3qhg,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/5xh0y7g3,,,French Defense: Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/3034tv0n,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Anti-Torre
https://lichess.org/z76hjsqr,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/a3n71e6e,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/ll3o86pe,,,Richter-Veresov Attack
https://lichess.org/0n8log3m,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/opiwkzlj,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/ph69eorx,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/rsva24ug,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/87kq0d2s,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense #2
https://lichess.org/qoc0uwiw,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/sbsbx3wr,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/ti061tn4,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/7unrqxb3,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/urb1xgym,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/yr4zdowy,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/5nxuuuan,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/msswkcbd,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/pj4q0ffe,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Austrian Defense
https://lichess.org/lg2r70ls,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/35i7vq3f,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/5e2tp1u4,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/bmom49ui,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/s61tlnde,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/g0jfvi7w,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/xbgk62ix,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/xjka73ld,,,King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/3tpyasvu,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/y8h4adhh,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/c5xsd92s,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/7ats8opr,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/266ryh0k,,,Franco-Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/89dyt7ab,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/dty6t593,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/8b6qqdll,,,Sicilian Defense: Lasker-Dunne Attack
https://lichess.org/knxfo7mu,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/d81y2ded,,,Pirc Defense: Austrian Attack
https://lichess.org/n8vaau4s,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/09r5nhwp,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Scandinavian Variation, Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/fg7vtfvq,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/un5hlp37,,,Philidor Defense: Hanham Variation
https://lichess.org/rtsi0isy,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/9oha1hod,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/tubsejdj,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/2rq1j40t,,,French Defense: Perseus Gambit
https://lichess.org/an1rkb39,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/tc1u2n18,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/3x13yvec,,,Modern Defense: Geller's System
https://lichess.org/zh1jxokg,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/x1ul0l81,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/i1sj4151,,,Vienna Game: Stanley Variation, Reversed Spanish
https://lichess.org/fj8s0hhr,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Knight Attack, Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/7obbn0h3,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/oafeybix,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/gntql1b9,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/1y3iullq,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/t6eeyybh,,,Latvian Gambit: Clam Gambit
https://lichess.org/alg1o2bt,,,Polish Defense
https://lichess.org/07kn5yn6,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System
https://lichess.org/ralaomnp,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation, Noa Gambit
https://lichess.org/95d9pkrk,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/3acv1byz,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/8kqa25s4,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/59ug5hd9,,,Sicilian Defense: Delayed Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/t7s6kab8,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/h4vqbu6g,,,Vienna Game: Stanley Variation
https://lichess.org/csn72kqk,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/2b072s51,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Austrian Defense
https://lichess.org/67l2fr9g,,,English Opening: Symmetrical Variation, Two Knights Line
https://lichess.org/wnu17yjt,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/5mmuper8,,,Pirc Defense: Austrian Attack, Weiss Variation
https://lichess.org/zl2urh6m,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/on5j5byb,,,Sicilian Defense: Loewenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/1zqijurq,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/nl7g1euq,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/3uvh11p1,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/pqm15jse,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/vld3r846,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/42a6yfp0,,,Indian Game: Anti-Nimzo-Indian
https://lichess.org/tm2jx7zb,,,Queen's Pawn Opening: Veresov, Richter Attack
https://lichess.org/y76vzb8y,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/o71vxryx,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/dgh3288q,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/30pptnc0,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Knight Attack, Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/noxnzs5w,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/orvtij18,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/4mwalq07,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/wbyqlgqg,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/enmfimel,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/hitvh4oj,,,Three Knights Opening: Winawer Defense
https://lichess.org/12wqjvqi,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/5jvqkoir,,,French Defense: Reti-Spielmann Attack
