https://lichess.org/9xec7aqo,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/kefhav8f,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/tnhcbf40,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/3nzz56ka,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/65qmty99,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/5o5gftew,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/x61g4dc8,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/46ca22qf,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/r4n5px7w,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/j4pzm1k4,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Graz Variation
https://lichess.org/f2rt0k7n,,,Budapest Defense
https://lichess.org/gvvjo7b3,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Zeller Defense
https://lichess.org/4gopzifk,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/xcjzqu3q,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/zc1vywd4,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: English Variation
https://lichess.org/u1mjkd4s,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/ulax06pv,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/28fu4jum,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/ask5ccr1,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/cxr0zhj2,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #4
https://lichess.org/edgexiav,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/lwk01kbh,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/hffh787a,,,Bishop's Opening: Vienna Hybrid
https://lichess.org/6eua5r93,,,Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/r5ejwpfj,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/wv5cfrcz,,,Ruy Lopez: Bird Variation
https://lichess.org/ag3t54qg,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/pey1eqbe,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System
https://lichess.org/nkafpdnj,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/56067dnx,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/i3ddensc,,,Grob Opening
https://lichess.org/sc05pb9h,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/pcb55rqn,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/uy0x2nck,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/uah1spk8,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/ou0cpl8m,,,French Defense: Winawer Variation
https://lichess.org/g7ntvodi,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/99ptl1m2,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/q0js0doy,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/p81szjfp,,,King's Gambit Declined: Keene's Defense #2
https://lichess.org/8iiqpw1v,,,King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/bzg5702g,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation
https://lichess.org/fjsryplf,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/gr3bt9f2,,,French Defense: Reti-Spielmann Attack
https://lichess.org/bwf0bru3,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/2uwf8xzx,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/lbqtrnyn,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/8501nhki,,,King's Pawn Game: Tayler Opening
https://lichess.org/kmlmez0v,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/4lqe2i2f,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/6ps9v7vd,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/cd44c6ao,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/6pwn3d0y,,,French Defense: Queen's Knight
https://lichess.org/zd90twfi,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/as9ks3j2,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/drb1y89f,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/decuw1e1,,,Indian Game: Pawn Push Variation
https://lichess.org/btro8x8b,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/6zdi4uxy,,,Queen's Pawn Opening: Veresov, Richter Attack
https://lichess.org/co74eivz,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation, Barmen Defense
https://lichess.org/f7qxd7lm,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/oqhc3krc,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/hjooa0uc,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/fn735mgk,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/w6u3rnl5,,,Bishop's Opening: Ponziani Gambit
https://lichess.org/x98gp5nf,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Caro Variation
https://lichess.org/hr621jg4,,,Hungarian Opening: Reversed Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/a0a4ebk6,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/4h2xfn5d,,,Modern Defense: Mongredien Defense #2
https://lichess.org/7uoq60mq,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/soag3el5,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/3eyjqhva,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/5bluq7y6,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/6140ke5u,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/f3fze54c,,,Gedult's Opening
https://lichess.org/is2n679h,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit
https://lichess.org/ugs9ibct,,,Slav Defense: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/d2x3k2fr,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/o2lz0hed,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/rarjzuxn,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/4osrkudb,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/1bdv676a,,,Petrov's Defense #2
https://lichess.org/xr02l1h1,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/stojzd3e,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/s0mqo9w6,,,Indian Game: Pawn Push Variation
https://lichess.org/x8o0plsz,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/6wzmioce,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/ocgv41td,,,King's Pawn Game: Tayler Opening
https://lichess.org/o82pxmj3,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/dgfy7grj,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/ukhuv2zj,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/9kobfype,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/8btvh2jz,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/zagiccrb,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/6d544f8k,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/5czbm1xr,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/7pj7e1vg,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/o8zcwt7q,,,Portuguese Opening
https://lichess.org/fip5oixu,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Williams Variation
https://lichess.org/r1i87tqo,,,Modern Defense: Three Pawns Attack
