https://lichess.org/p991j2xi,,,Scotch Game: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/8u0otojs,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/6prap77q,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/5qw6nh8f,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/ygjjye5o,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/mk3hu68m,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/q2eeav15,,,Bishop's Opening: Philidor Variation
https://lichess.org/8z7mrnaf,,,Scotch Game: Mieses Variation
https://lichess.org/if963lbg,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/8xhseqeh,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/83glgz7g,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/fdf70m9c,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/krgu68hc,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/qhdz8mgt,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/5qs6n5o8,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/33zf7a4m,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/xpnwg7w7,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/p4j2gawh,,,Latvian Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/6iyqe2y8,,,Sicilian Defense: Franco-Sicilian Variation
https://lichess.org/mbnsqmon,,,Zukertort Opening: Pirc Invitation
https://lichess.org/rawpw4s6,,,Pirc Defense #2
https://lichess.org/hznxbdyh,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Nimzowitsch System
https://lichess.org/e1bynifb,,,Polish Opening: Czech Defense
https://lichess.org/uebf3uml,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Franco-Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/edya07j9,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/iosugz6q,,,Scandinavian Defense: Blackburne Gambit
https://lichess.org/42kcry21,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Franco-Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/b46nf0kl,,,Scandinavian Defense: Gubinsky-Melts Defense
https://lichess.org/tcmqd02a,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/lwrvo5v2,,,King's Indian Attack: Wahls Defense
https://lichess.org/qvrh819r,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/d1bkjnyx,,,Scotch Game: Scotch Gambit, Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/99bb1r4s,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/8gle5qw9,,,Sicilian Defense: Hyperaccelerated Fianchetto
https://lichess.org/3x4bvz7g,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/29dqfc4s,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/dbthgjiw,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/ypv9yccz,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/d9jmhwih,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense
https://lichess.org/jms2v1xz,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/8c5yhqgc,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/2hcg7xsf,,,Three Knights Opening: Winawer Defense
https://lichess.org/q0qgkmqc,,,Vienna Game: Fyfe Gambit
https://lichess.org/f57xxugc,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/zvzbjr8l,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/s58egj9z,,,Reti Opening #2
https://lichess.org/1a553vzf,,,Benoni Defense: Old Benoni
https://lichess.org/bkb8v9a4,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/7sqaqfx5,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/e3cfv4e5,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/p3kojfrc,,,Sicilian Defense: Dragon, 6.Be3
https://lichess.org/1tuxecgj,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/ckdwbnjy,,,Three Knights Opening: Winawer Defense
https://lichess.org/yl7lij60,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/hjy99c1i,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, de Riviere Gambit
https://lichess.org/psmtxj5x,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/ecx4prxm,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/ppy4umyt,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/6pj5l3mv,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/vo5litch,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/ea6lbaop,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/599zawp7,,,Slav Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/apr2ejb5,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/je8ydyk7,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/du8jfh1i,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/0mc1o9ag,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Vienna Variation
https://lichess.org/8sif9oko,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/vb3jerzn,,,Sicilian Defense: Lasker-Dunne Attack
https://lichess.org/ea45wy9j,,,Benoni Defense: Old Benoni
https://lichess.org/unbj5i9u,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/gzcgf84b,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/01vu2y8q,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/elokpcpo,,,Italian Game: Evans Gambit, Anderssen Variation
https://lichess.org/p6sjbpxd,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/xvet4lsn,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/95j1rj4b,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/5iancnox,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/p9xc1ngl,,,Hungarian Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/bvo4kqy5,,,Three Knights Opening: Winawer Defense
https://lichess.org/i9myaalz,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/clco0o5v,,,Scotch Game: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/wi0wcein,,,Gedult's Opening
https://lichess.org/nc0sk28b,,,French Defense: Reti-Spielmann Attack
https://lichess.org/7c4o5r0i,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/kq0mt26l,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/adgkp8cg,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/zc69756f,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/8jjuvk6o,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/f14xrhqe,,,Vienna Game: Anderssen Defense
https://lichess.org/5jkwqy38,,,French Defense: Reti-Spielmann Attack
https://lichess.org/lo1y9yi5,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/m04xd21r,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Vienna Variation
https://lichess.org/fzpkc7cf,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/k5koivbe,,,Polish Opening: Czech Defense
https://lichess.org/7mt0gswu,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/dq6fgqm2,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Franco-Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/w8kxid3f,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/w5akbt81,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/k1gxe0ut,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Torre Attack
https://lichess.org/xi6s6zph,,,Scandinavian Defense
