https://lichess.org/h1ak4dwr,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/693i10w6,,,Alekhine Defense: Two Pawn Attack
https://lichess.org/yq4a0wnz,,,Queen's Pawn Game: London System
https://lichess.org/9zcd0nty,,,King's Pawn Game: Gunderam Gambit
https://lichess.org/dlx33ygr,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/erz4uzq6,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/eynpswpn,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/0gqtiqj6,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/p4lx5p15,,,Sicilian Defense: Najdorf Variation
https://lichess.org/ux908cka,,,Nimzowitsch Defense, Declined Variation
https://lichess.org/46xacxre,,,Zukertort Opening: Queenside Fianchetto Variation
https://lichess.org/8cqihpwu,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/pucx612s,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/fspbgzu7,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/53dsdnli,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/i32w00cf,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/39j64rlk,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Torre Attack, Gruenfeld Variation
https://lichess.org/7vzflk0j,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/tcz43dta,,,Zukertort Opening: Queenside Fianchetto Variation
https://lichess.org/9ocxcaro,,,Sicilian Defense: Sozin, not Scheveningen
https://lichess.org/73dvzabb,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/vcazjk4e,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/mm98wd0j,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/wkfvh8eb,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/xi5ddd6y,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit
https://lichess.org/4keisyqc,,,Sicilian Defense #2
https://lichess.org/3ygq5oe6,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/x7qtyi1g,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/1tngvavi,,,Van Geet Opening: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/xk89srgi,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense
https://lichess.org/m6uo8orx,,,Sicilian Defense: Loewenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/kped5688,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/fnmi2enx,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Indian Variation
https://lichess.org/jj5vjoe6,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/i905a41v,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/zqeh8y6t,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/vdl9md59,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/g0m15828,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/mnvwp32y,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/6mk7846r,,,Sicilian Defense: Kramnik Variation
https://lichess.org/te0spirz,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Scandinavian Variation, Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/46bftwut,,,Petrov's Defense #2
https://lichess.org/uv3cn0jd,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Traxler Counterattack, Knight Sacrifice Line
https://lichess.org/61hr5jz7,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/jwdm16mk,,,Rat Defense: Accelerated Gurgenidze
https://lichess.org/0qbrd893,,,Caro-Kann Defense #2
https://lichess.org/fzwh22cy,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/12d8ghv9,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/lkujudfc,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/w355btnz,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/e5p8eojp,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/xofsfxcv,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/rne30hzb,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/joxz0i1b,,,Zukertort Opening: Lisitsyn Gambit Deferred
https://lichess.org/nv93f0y8,,,Petrov's Defense
https://lichess.org/v7nlsycy,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/zk8hdjvw,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/ktqri6lp,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/ddjitmdv,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/17e71a5h,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/3jhpib81,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/7pq2oox9,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/87t8cmck,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/z5g8v6bc,,,King's Indian Defense: Orthodox Variation
https://lichess.org/hjstkpqz,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Central Variation, Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/3j76li04,,,King's Pawn Game: Beyer Gambit
https://lichess.org/4b1qaehn,,,Semi-Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/czowpwz4,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/2f6k4wv2,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Accelerated Move Order
https://lichess.org/bcgaj74n,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/1v3hq6dc,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/47fcps0m,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/16585dyd,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/70rh7rd9,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/a3cl1rjf,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/w0xbqryi,,,French Defense: Steiner Variation
https://lichess.org/42huaams,,,Nimzowitsch Defense, Declined Variation
https://lichess.org/klfix45n,,,Scotch Game: Scotch Gambit
https://lichess.org/zz3xc7re,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/bseve385,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/ecdhazai,,,Indian Game: East Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/c2guqb7z,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/xtsyyvb8,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/snh67802,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/nq6apbha,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/4oaxq7tl,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/zulia6l9,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/mqi2dsbn,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/6yolz9f6,,,Scotch Game: Scotch Gambit
https://lichess.org/bkw7tqeu,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/0t8jasdn,,,Zukertort Opening: Queenside Fianchetto Variation
https://lichess.org/v54igxhv,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/s8szi8sf,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Anti-Torre
https://lichess.org/exrlkypn,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/4w1my1ab,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/c5upf0iv,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/wbj9rll4,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/uc7fequp,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/fx2rt0f2,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/9bl9uv3y,,,Queen's Pawn Game
