https://lichess.org/w9t17u3x,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/2hyf88uh,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/zaa5oggf,,,Dutch Defense: Raphael Variation
https://lichess.org/9npl1vok,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/7xxs554c,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/dmqy6my1,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/54t1k0ze,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/bbiaiwfv,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/ldpjt9jm,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/pj79elc2,,,Sicilian Defense: Snyder Variation
https://lichess.org/bt4v4ma6,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/5cxw3u4c,,,Slav Defense #3
https://lichess.org/c41i5tre,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/4azr4lde,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ogjj20ye,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/zo1jouxu,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/xtjpd1on,,,Ware Defense
https://lichess.org/r83ujq07,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/drz9tlo7,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/or2w84x0,,,English Opening: Anglo-Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/wsnoykrm,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation, Svenonius Variation
https://lichess.org/iw8wihq1,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/fuaahlk2,,,Latvian Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/c4ct7kyu,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/pgfk5p9u,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/9kuymyz8,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/ug8wr7cj,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/pg5neybs,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/uxfwg9h7,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/5pqi101c,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/hetum3fk,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/bdbyoljq,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Orthodox Defense
https://lichess.org/w8gtlflr,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/4dsi89sh,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/nrb0naf3,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Breyer Variation
https://lichess.org/gmkdkun6,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/rypuwevb,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/z0fakhpj,,,Scotch Game: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/s892d79i,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/358fnhoc,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Anti-Moscow Gambit
https://lichess.org/m6f5t2ms,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/loz9nnzf,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/rb1dlo0b,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/9allh0at,,,Sicilian Defense: Katalimov Variation
https://lichess.org/h7nyisa6,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Breyer Variation
https://lichess.org/q1j12y7q,,,Sicilian Defense: Scheveningen Variation, English Attack #2
https://lichess.org/75j29edl,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/pvmhl7zg,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/iuvvn476,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/af461gik,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/zm3p32hh,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/dj9fq30a,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Breyer Variation
https://lichess.org/53buvwqi,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Veresov Attack, Alburt Defense
https://lichess.org/t0uird8v,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/mxz2iudb,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/bmzgwzbw,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/n2b175ue,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/x66yyduy,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Becker Defense
https://lichess.org/ikkvqh9e,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/1roseu9z,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/pv3r9i78,,,Clemenz Opening
https://lichess.org/pcxd3710,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/leh6apgm,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/p9wv3lo5,,,Slav Defense: Quiet Variation, Pin Defense
https://lichess.org/impq2pm3,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/8hiqoiyq,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/y5y1aw59,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/vi4h8jmh,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/xu1eslrm,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/63qvtupp,,,Zukertort Opening: Slav Invitation
https://lichess.org/vpyahe58,,,Philidor Defense: Philidor Gambit
https://lichess.org/fn2u2s2z,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/3d4oi0wa,,,Scotch Game: Lolli Variation
https://lichess.org/hayuu8pv,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/6rimo0wd,,,Sicilian Defense: Wing Gambit
https://lichess.org/vvpyzd0t,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/04k3v76l,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/h9409uw1,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/l0jps4bx,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/2ertywgh,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/htujyzsf,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/dw0bqnie,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/p5tirplm,,,French Defense: Winawer Variation, Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/kp861arw,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/h1073z2w,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/5zbi1fff,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/dkp8vmwd,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/os5rzcro,,,King's Pawn Opening: 2.b3
https://lichess.org/h9k3dee8,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/rxsahcoy,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/urn85phc,,,Barnes Defense
https://lichess.org/3vn9u0r3,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/50xiz1sg,,,Benoni Defense: Hromadka System
https://lichess.org/z8rraqx6,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense, Main Line
https://lichess.org/fmyw3ez0,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit
https://lichess.org/bydy27ku,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/m792qpc0,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/h6qp7x9o,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/uqlyvvg1,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/e393fmlv,,,Scotch Game
