https://lichess.org/kwnw8k4m,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/a69wpzkt,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/jo9uhhp1,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/p2jbdlav,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/xtglh4rh,,,Ruy Lopez: Marshall Attack, Steiner Variation
https://lichess.org/cs3rsntl,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/08wvj83l,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/uzge44ew,,,Bishop's Opening: Philidor Counterattack
https://lichess.org/0drim5ni,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/ukpq7brr,,,Budapest Defense: Adler Variation
https://lichess.org/gz9chrm5,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/f2gm7bjo,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/k6qntkqg,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/2ak83zcx,,,Sicilian Defense: Marshall Counterattack
https://lichess.org/9d8ij94q,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/bkngg0h5,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/h4zp2m3i,,,Vienna Game: Vienna Gambit, Steinitz Variation
https://lichess.org/kvgxn3yq,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/km5ozngs,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/6tw9a99q,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/yl0b0bda,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/llefq1c5,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/vb7g8rr6,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/tia8vn0g,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/nykd1fug,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/hja23ppa,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/ho5q4ovi,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/qud0bknl,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Ragozin Defense, Vienna Variation
https://lichess.org/74cvpx90,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/hrjs3tkv,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/l43txoyx,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/bk8v8eh3,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/u5jrw78y,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/sp0wncn1,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/dqm1glef,,,Slav Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/pzchbkau,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/ioj79ifu,,,Guatemala Defense
https://lichess.org/ema720ki,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/u5hbpz7m,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/jcu2lkk1,,,Gruenfeld Defense
https://lichess.org/n778xuiy,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Paulsen Attack
https://lichess.org/vk45olq0,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/06fptoh2,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System
https://lichess.org/ifpsfijt,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/zhfhgs73,,,Old Indian Defense: Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/zs4ke6tr,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/zytx3jk4,,,Philidor Defense: Nimzowitsch Variation
https://lichess.org/v1qjtg14,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/d9hsfsmh,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/xp8q0vs1,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/ig9x4plx,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/e9iv11qj,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/fa6h68wj,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation, Barmen Defense
https://lichess.org/cetiipzk,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/8cq81d3p,,,Scotch Game: Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/hctun8wl,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/jpuc4ig1,,,Polish Opening: Bugayev Attack
https://lichess.org/dcbwv55a,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation
https://lichess.org/zfiekui9,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Bishop's Gambit, Maurian Defense
https://lichess.org/0d09j2hv,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/k279dgru,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/ckegc3g1,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/ilq0tzao,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/ul1muyvt,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/srpuhgr2,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Indian Variation
https://lichess.org/mslirtz9,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/sd52n2q5,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/qmb5pp0b,,,Guatemala Defense
https://lichess.org/fp60l7y0,,,Ruy Lopez: Marshall Attack, Steiner Variation
https://lichess.org/a1c73i12,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/n3e7ipek,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/jk6tkkl3,,,Alekhine Defense: Scandinavian Variation
https://lichess.org/d17smznk,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/6co5ake2,,,Bishop's Opening: Vienna Hybrid
https://lichess.org/nfm9uf4w,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/06tmsf8p,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/q1ditanw,,,King's Pawn Opening: 2.b3
https://lichess.org/pm63sh6j,,,French Defense: Advance, Steinitz Variation
https://lichess.org/5naowetg,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/nzisrfrk,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/oxhrtpca,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/pk6tvbxd,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/xd8w8s7d,,,St. George Defense: Polish Variation
https://lichess.org/k36mejpl,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/rsbfhlyv,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/isvitm7o,,,Ruy Lopez: Nuernberg Variation
https://lichess.org/dnm3wrii,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/tj7ddymk,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/5q0zn6dd,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/86ldl58t,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed #2
https://lichess.org/m4ohryxi,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/6g0y6e4v,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #2
https://lichess.org/8jvjut22,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/mit0k3j0,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Scandinavian Variation, Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/p7ud98on,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/5p1r1gvr,,,Bishop's Opening: Vienna Hybrid, Spielmann Attack
https://lichess.org/1i089avd,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/rdorsaz7,,,Nimzowitsch-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/qtdl1vgc,,,King's Gambit, Falkbeer Countergambit, Staunton Line
https://lichess.org/8k5sz2wj,,,Modern Defense
