https://lichess.org/39a0kohk,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/1qaxokoj,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/6ebmdt85,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/o7ghkyot,,,Gruenfeld Defense: Three Knights Variation, Burille Variation
https://lichess.org/yzqc3xtk,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: 4.Bg5 Be7
https://lichess.org/hum1nhx0,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/rbwutr9i,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/xt0qkfsp,,,Goldsmith Defense
https://lichess.org/91syg255,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/kbk6nrz7,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed Alekhine
https://lichess.org/1jmsrt5h,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/ug6db5i5,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Ryder Gambit
https://lichess.org/3fpf33d1,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/mh2f1x55,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/7t9qi369,,,Scandinavian Defense: Gubinsky-Melts Defense
https://lichess.org/34bjf1tq,,,Vienna Game: Falkbeer Variation
https://lichess.org/q62x3l5k,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/ob01xf7f,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/72i0akfs,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/lc4roc96,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/2hp532gq,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/daiaelev,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/8skg3uvz,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/cian49km,,,Slav Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/uchlew4a,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Saduleto Variation
https://lichess.org/oz3kqnv1,,,Bishop's Opening: Vienna Hybrid, Spielmann Attack
https://lichess.org/roc8h3lj,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/vdmwozxr,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/ujfuv6f6,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ypw8u5ol,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/7e0n4dw2,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/jxqka8yi,,,Sicilian Defense: Open #3
https://lichess.org/27molix8,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/3mrx3hzc,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/nrealxgh,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Showalter Variation
https://lichess.org/sbvfzbzh,,,Zukertort Opening: Vos Gambit
https://lichess.org/0ut1djqm,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/dkb1nzb8,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/qocqtj0n,,,Sicilian Defense: Delayed Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/vnbovasv,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/qmamilo7,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/yq7f7oo1,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/gn47ntt0,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation, Traditional
https://lichess.org/0rns0ev9,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/qn3hlbmn,,,Slav Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/0o1jbbze,,,Kadas Opening
https://lichess.org/58n3gdvt,,,Dutch Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/s746nbah,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/nnp55kt4,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/r3tmm9ar,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/4t85txk2,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Hanstein Gambit
https://lichess.org/84bujkld,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/jf93umzj,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/77jzmcc8,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/cenldjh1,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation, Traditional
https://lichess.org/o3q4lz1m,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/im27grvt,,,King's Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/2k7cy478,,,French Defense: Marshall Variation
https://lichess.org/ti32povs,,,Pirc Defense #2
https://lichess.org/1pumw7dx,,,Nimzowitsch-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/3xk1n8ul,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/744bdsvl,,,Tarrasch Defense: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/esrissdh,,,French Defense: Marshall Variation
https://lichess.org/r3oqmzzx,,,French Defense: Queen's Knight
https://lichess.org/8wuarb4r,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/u480prqi,,,Sicilian Defense: Katalimov Variation
https://lichess.org/eheqf880,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/tlx4612m,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/mojpyzkb,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/s5yls0if,,,Van Geet Opening: Reversed Nimzowitsch
https://lichess.org/abc3d8sv,,,Catalan Opening: Closed, Main Line
https://lichess.org/c1iuf0n0,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/34p5c3fg,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/s24lgvkz,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/3houhjf3,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/ozftc4s7,,,King's Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/vf2fmqc8,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/2pzybpol,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/iw0am2h8,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/55mf252x,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation
https://lichess.org/0rpc4lqw,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/fuhqu9j0,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/ryzg5nmy,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/ef8ia4aq,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/thunh7jo,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/m9yi0b4m,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/auwwd4h6,,,Gruenfeld Defense: Three Knights Variation, Petrosian System
https://lichess.org/dy9sz99j,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/ak2w5yo6,,,Ruy Lopez: Open Variations, Open Variation
https://lichess.org/wyet6kpf,,,Dutch Defense: Staunton Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/ubx15xkq,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/my66sfy3,,,Sicilian Defense: Najdorf, Lipnitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/t796qj95,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/1dtlaoqd,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/tk11iki7,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/or95zz5a,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/15zgvooi,,,Dutch Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/91mzygld,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/80fzi9mj,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/nxlzhofu,,,Bishop's Opening
