https://lichess.org/k8su4bwg,,,Petrov's Defense
https://lichess.org/jpz6x046,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/nhy41cru,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/gywqyefj,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Rosenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/7w3o1awi,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/fh911t6p,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/9uuoeh3q,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/2v2ptle1,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/149n2plk,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation Accepted
https://lichess.org/matvw1vk,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: 4.Bg5 Be7
https://lichess.org/3pzywnv2,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Scandinavian Variation, Exchange Variation, Marshall Gambit
https://lichess.org/up0px9a8,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/ysqvfe91,,,Budapest Defense: Adler Variation
https://lichess.org/te9tcbst,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/xpzo1gdd,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/1x5gihs4,,,Russian Game: Classical Attack, Closed Variation
https://lichess.org/9l04n571,,,Four Knights Game: Spanish Variation
https://lichess.org/i1ejyi1f,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Reversed Sicilian
https://lichess.org/2sspfu3p,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/o3vndyi8,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/czplqtba,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System
https://lichess.org/qie6bzod,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/8lffj7d8,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/8b7gtvjc,,,Italian Game: Schilling-Kostic Gambit
https://lichess.org/9sycyyxm,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/h9nv67rt,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/ygu6n4wn,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/7r6prnru,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/06yf7ba6,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/nyul3efn,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/rtvwx5yf,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/2dsl5j7v,,,Queen's Indian Defense: Kasparov Variation
https://lichess.org/k7gvxu5v,,,Alekhine Defense: Two Pawn Attack, Lasker Variation
https://lichess.org/tuent5gj,,,Van Geet Opening
https://lichess.org/30nccz0s,,,East Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/e1dditwb,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/ek4yhemm,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/42iwirqe,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/0hwrng3u,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/xhekfhkn,,,Hungarian Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/tq4ztzxn,,,Italian Game: Scotch Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/idq5s6vn,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/uplf2f8m,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/qx49ko3a,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/mqhmesu8,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/vvckizx6,,,Sicilian Defense: Najdorf, Lipnitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/bvoyj8nb,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/mg2jrpwr,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/ja05vksf,,,French Defense: Tarrasch Variation
https://lichess.org/kyubmv3g,,,Petrov's Defense #2
https://lichess.org/171wrfnt,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Indian Variation
https://lichess.org/nkvypanr,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/7sxg705a,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/gmm2sqjz,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/m0xeiy1u,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/v7wvfx9d,,,King's Gambit, Falkbeer Countergambit, Blackburne Attack
https://lichess.org/7wpuvq32,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation, Short Variation
https://lichess.org/v91ei0al,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/9v93p1ue,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/lp3tgt6f,,,Montevideo Defense
https://lichess.org/ey7z426w,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/5yvj09pb,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: 4.Bg5 Be7
https://lichess.org/d3w7vajs,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/emuopbrf,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/ftc5y6pd,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/6eo4f2y9,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/okw5jhsh,,,Ponziani Opening: Jaenisch Counterattack
https://lichess.org/xw2jby64,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/yj2csp3b,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/7spo2akc,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/amoyq48p,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/cq8y2qgc,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/bo0a2mxw,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/eho6xopy,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/h8cu1m5d,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/kney33zj,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/51gkxtte,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/ti8sjb46,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/yntz4z3x,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/c6pe5jj2,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/f1fojspo,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/gmlj8aef,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/vi55sznv,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/64fashk5,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Vienna Variation
https://lichess.org/pqyj1rgo,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/n2ivun8u,,,Bishop's Opening: Ponziani Gambit
https://lichess.org/t9u2w48n,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/d6lgnzwb,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/uob9mdgr,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Rosenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/8xc3iyts,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/hx1z10gl,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/ws86fjme,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/lrho4nni,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/bmwcz489,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/x1nc1dqd,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/x22lx162,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/8afsmylr,,,Budapest Defense: Adler Variation
https://lichess.org/n4vi7zdm,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ee5uoph8,,,Queen's Gambit
https://lichess.org/24z70zt4,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
