https://lichess.org/yjkw2yva,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/0lz78h5x,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Krause Variation
https://lichess.org/9zgnaz2l,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Torre Attack
https://lichess.org/pszo8lax,,,Dutch Defense: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/udrsjpvx,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/fej5f8fw,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/el4sejlu,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/pnvg0qm1,,,Hungarian Opening: Slav Formation
https://lichess.org/n21fi5qx,,,Danish Gambit Accepted, Schlechter Defense
https://lichess.org/tqrc6tvt,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, de Riviere Gambit
https://lichess.org/coj42ugq,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/ly80bb7u,,,King's Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/2rbj0iyi,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/r3vpyqio,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/4axobcp6,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/zxrmaxdz,,,Dutch Defense: Raphael Variation
https://lichess.org/a2te703u,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ukkefwei,,,King's Pawn Game: Macleod Attack
https://lichess.org/0llkjukq,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/546sb41n,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/xd3vbruk,,,Hungarian Opening: Slav Formation
https://lichess.org/vqnc3eru,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/6u336q4u,,,Sicilian Defense: Scheveningen Variation, Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/3lwsvo31,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/3fun5gm3,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Franco-Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/ald44vxz,,,Danish Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/vnafjge5,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/8uvjkaew,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/uz7m3fr7,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/4fgddbm7,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/7px0e915,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/tqr8mn3c,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/610npvx0,,,King's Indian Defense: Four Pawns Attack
https://lichess.org/jswfyt6i,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/q81mcdmx,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
https://lichess.org/sun0go5y,,,Benoni Defense: King's Pawn Line
https://lichess.org/qjhu1vc0,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/8eucx3ax,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/y0fs5mlo,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/i9k5jq6p,,,Colle System #2
https://lichess.org/xfjnp2qj,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/83p5j0i1,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/wmbu2ldq,,,Vienna Game: Max Lange Defense
https://lichess.org/jz0qumdy,,,French Defense: Steiner Variation
https://lichess.org/lbcbhb8a,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/h0tlbwva,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/jxcz23ex,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/98xyxric,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/20k3b17m,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/rt31dews,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/lpbdayy4,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/o9zfubuj,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/nad8t3q7,,,King's Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/accpkvrd,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Ragozin Variation
https://lichess.org/11uvurlo,,,Scandinavian Defense: Gubinsky-Melts Defense
https://lichess.org/vi8nbnyq,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/llnei8f9,,,Scotch Game: Haxo Gambit
https://lichess.org/d5w3pkqi,,,Sicilian Defense: Hyperaccelerated Pterodactyl
https://lichess.org/i10imryw,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/65k26xk9,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/7dmc3t02,,,Zukertort Opening: Queenside Fianchetto Variation
https://lichess.org/32tnw47r,,,Benoni Defense: King's Pawn Line
https://lichess.org/vimv06dq,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/a45apm4q,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit
https://lichess.org/auz2s6ec,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/8doz42fw,,,Dutch Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/ppc2a7ng,,,King's Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/1fl4yr0y,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Reversed Sicilian
https://lichess.org/77eliurv,,,French Defense: Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/lwp86p0x,,,Slav Defense: Modern
https://lichess.org/a5bhifbg,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Hanstein Gambit
https://lichess.org/iudg20qo,,,Pirc Defense #2
https://lichess.org/40pw92fv,,,Scotch Game: Schmidt Variation
https://lichess.org/jrpx24s7,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/qy7gpwic,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Ryder Gambit
https://lichess.org/gmc8qfdh,,,Franco-Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/gc1rsvef,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/uiguo3w6,,,Gruenfeld Defense: Exchange Variation, Spassky Variation
https://lichess.org/tyxyrk2h,,,Semi-Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/m3ph5pb8,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/a68qmrl9,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/tu6s6s3t,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/0h3vbh7g,,,Bishop's Opening: Philidor Counterattack
https://lichess.org/kszwz7lx,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/cj2lkmcd,,,King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/hiishokt,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Franco-Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/7m3wydcz,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/2ap1fqyq,,,Philidor Defense: Lopez Countergambit
https://lichess.org/a1cywfuw,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Scandinavian Variation, Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/t4ildblk,,,Franco-Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/pwlt9jax,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/nt1cum0b,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/kgmtw37h,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Franco-Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/dup1nonu,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/kbeq0y52,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/ssgss05o,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/yf1kpryl,,,Scandinavian Defense: Blackburne-Kloosterboer Gambit
https://lichess.org/tahma5ww,,,Modern Defense: Bishop Attack
https://lichess.org/rpo7n09z,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Franco-Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/0l2k29jm,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Modern Bishop's Opening
