https://lichess.org/a47js22u,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/yfofuvfw,,,Queen's Pawn Opening: Veresov Attack, Irish Gambit
https://lichess.org/pm8pm1hz,,,Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/4ft6uz9y,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/kkdzzvnf,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/8b8zhzw9,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/sildz216,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Franco-Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/7ip12eaf,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Veresov Attack, Classical Defense
https://lichess.org/oahm1eio,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Pseudo-Spanish Variation
https://lichess.org/mbyxq2hb,,,Slav Defense: Modern Line
https://lichess.org/b86o0ioi,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/epxxo4hl,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/0qymx85d,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/9p7wydlx,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/xohl6vtz,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/cbo5ibfs,,,Alekhine Defense: Maroczy Variation
https://lichess.org/7hi31mjg,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Fried Liver Attack
https://lichess.org/9643eqh2,,,Semi-Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/sgknunjg,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/8fc3t8nv,,,Queen's Pawn Opening: Veresov Attack, Irish Gambit
https://lichess.org/o9jlqcv9,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/1oa6s7g0,,,Dutch Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/d4szmju7,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/76r3ay7t,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/2i8172ub,,,Pirc Defense #3
https://lichess.org/zsedahnd,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/ksf0kb4v,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/ixy8tfm5,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/tzvw3hfe,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/xinwmk3o,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/l3oybh95,,,Benoni Defense: Cormorant Gambit
https://lichess.org/9d7cgdlq,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/rim1vq1s,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/sp47j5l9,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Franco-Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/mssnp1s4,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/psjrn7bq,,,King's Indian Defense: Zinnowitz Variation
https://lichess.org/ej53c1na,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/msy364c1,,,Hungarian Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/cd2i06s3,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/wlho1awh,,,Queen's Pawn Opening: Veresov Attack, Irish Gambit
https://lichess.org/efy14gmj,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/jjpom1c6,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/npr344l3,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/jexuzfxk,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/xnghl1xv,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/1sh45nz5,,,Canard Opening
https://lichess.org/7egmhjn6,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, de Riviere Gambit
https://lichess.org/kesdsmno,,,Zukertort Opening: Queenside Fianchetto Variation
https://lichess.org/is0qbbxm,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/pvcnuryh,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/3nqshdnt,,,King's Indian Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/5bwtg26g,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/44zc5elx,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/pl7y9rdf,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/m9yezf69,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/qg57wk55,,,Zukertort Opening: Queenside Fianchetto Variation
https://lichess.org/9boffv67,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/5cdrf2mz,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Paulsen Attack
https://lichess.org/6k5hbabx,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/oq4e5ee7,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/vr10geu5,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/huhu9qdg,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/b4esh2nl,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/3zdlrjh3,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/qp2mr153,,,Zukertort Opening: Kingside Fianchetto
https://lichess.org/zyhk6j0l,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/hst9rokv,,,King's Indian Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/qxhj1hy2,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/gburka48,,,Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/altbu5ol,,,Hungarian Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/xhawdn1w,,,Sicilian Defense: Najdorf Variation, Opocensky Variation
https://lichess.org/fnw8ofhh,,,Italian Game: Schilling-Kostic Gambit
https://lichess.org/qd1w79ee,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/0wlrnh3q,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Semi-Tarrasch Defense, Pillsbury Variation
https://lichess.org/oo2tpazc,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/njgbqp1c,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/xfj3r2iz,,,Zukertort Opening: Queenside Fianchetto Variation
https://lichess.org/bed55l3h,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/biagm2ol,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Semi-Tarrasch Defense, Pillsbury Variation
https://lichess.org/yjf6j1qv,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/2pb2j30g,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/lgqdci5d,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/c9c7m5zd,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, de Riviere Gambit
https://lichess.org/jtg1tqjr,,,King's Indian Defense: Zinnowitz Variation
https://lichess.org/q842vobx,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/sgv6hw45,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/3kz504c4,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Huebsch Gambit
https://lichess.org/vsnreh62,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/aaqwbexj,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/jzsxtkqe,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/pa3u5g7v,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/df6aoa6i,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/wjgygym6,,,Catalan Opening: Open Defense, Tarrasch Defense
https://lichess.org/p0jp2fws,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/hoaa5v1t,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/aom07ep4,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ezwyv8r6,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/mjrl6cs7,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/b5xwmfvc,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Nimzowitsch System
https://lichess.org/tgc2fe8m,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
