https://lichess.org/gp6ihxci,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/hqjl6elf,,,Italian Game: Scotch Gambit, Walbrodt-Baird Gambit
https://lichess.org/rlo6orfu,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/efmgh21p,,,King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/h3vw085w,,,Van Geet Opening: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/nlcl36gx,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/lzqzgwkk,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/x89zbh3y,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/y68d7q7y,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/0j43e70b,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/5eyk5v3b,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/sjyn2fo2,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/irabmzca,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/5keb1mff,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/iugcogls,,,Colle System
https://lichess.org/o8igr714,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/wdbeysvo,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Leningrad Variation
https://lichess.org/r4mh3es0,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/hz7hgbkx,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/j9eyprve,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/gptn6w7o,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/x2bwov8y,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Panov Attack #2
https://lichess.org/hue349ik,,,English Opening: Anglo-Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/tq61sl4y,,,King's Pawn Opening: 2.b3
https://lichess.org/1v1qgygp,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/g9a9drog,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/ef3mv2vy,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/h9ii7sdo,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/sy44buel,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/ot7piwk5,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/fs3lr8ao,,,Petrov's Defense
https://lichess.org/w18fiu9h,,,Dutch Defense: Hopton Attack
https://lichess.org/29k3pr9z,,,Scotch Game #3
https://lichess.org/yx3vdpiv,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/zl7qmlol,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/irtq1uar,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/k2h1ejko,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/4klp18sr,,,Modern Defense: Three Pawns Attack
https://lichess.org/tv7uc9w4,,,Indian Game: Paleface Attack, Blackmar-Diemer Gambit Deferred
https://lichess.org/1ca6qlgr,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/5e8t21s6,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/i9eojaio,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/kbrcd180,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/1hae2ffk,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/41hdcuji,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/h41r2g39,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/rarioggu,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/olriir76,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/or1j0h4p,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/0jnjlaek,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/gjelo047,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Ziegler Defense
https://lichess.org/0kcxpzph,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/2bny0ip5,,,French Defense: Horwitz Attack
https://lichess.org/bbfnxivg,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/th5l1o4k,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/spkxsqsg,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/kbzsa1av,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Bishop's Gambit
https://lichess.org/2qgxfuf2,,,King's Pawn Game: Beyer Gambit
https://lichess.org/9qpfp3q4,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/75h8f3vk,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/h59onvz6,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/j2ktsgt6,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/m8jutaek,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/rfjqdedp,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/xv8vmama,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/ylcokd0h,,,Petrov's Defense
https://lichess.org/bicz86i5,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/m047x4c8,,,King's Pawn
https://lichess.org/2l4gbnqe,,,Scotch Game: Malaniuk Variation
https://lichess.org/3zydrrqw,,,Philidor Defense #4
https://lichess.org/w4gt7aa4,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/coigbq23,,,French Defense: Alekhine-Chatard Attack, Spielmann Variation
https://lichess.org/azdd6lb6,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/hu9ru3wp,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Allgaier Gambit
https://lichess.org/gadywgvp,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/rf82dgjy,,,Ruy Lopez: Schliemann Defense, Dyckhoff Variation
https://lichess.org/xbtw7lpf,,,Trompowsky Attack
https://lichess.org/x53s2hhb,,,Indian Game: West Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/arua5is9,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/8bvo6d99,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/4mz4w5cb,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/zyml3a33,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/6pbcjh3b,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation, Traditional
https://lichess.org/oa7xijqe,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/5fcyo642,,,King's Pawn Game: Macleod Attack
https://lichess.org/hk3w1y99,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/e00vycj5,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/7v7mafa0,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/uj4dq750,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/8hrevrst,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/pkb5e8jw,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/81vymro7,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/3j4hupf9,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/olv1ij7u,,,Scotch Game: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/ziq92nl1,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Normal Variation, Traditional System
https://lichess.org/mm1fvzv0,,,Hungarian Opening: Slav Formation
https://lichess.org/euhjo9av,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/8uubrc4s,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/cwiqwsgz,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Anti-Torre
https://lichess.org/gmrmtptd,,,Scandinavian Defense: Blackburne Gambit
