https://lichess.org/deehti02,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/s8bt0c8p,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/bcp38f4l,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/dqoro9r0,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense #2
https://lichess.org/5x6wppcd,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Saduleto Variation
https://lichess.org/unsnp8f7,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/5zjazxsm,,,Carr Defense
https://lichess.org/vnkjohh3,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/7hcw2gd7,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/jbw1zqxn,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/9stdm5ug,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/0vs79j1y,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/n0jsj4w9,,,Alekhine Defense #2
https://lichess.org/vc3elzqp,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/66e9zbu3,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/u6c4xj2o,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/qvemz92y,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/vvgzyvt2,,,Clemenz Opening
https://lichess.org/pdohoma5,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Schallopp Defense
https://lichess.org/cb2yiy6u,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: English Variation
https://lichess.org/kkb4aayo,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/1hdhaaz9,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Netherlands Variation
https://lichess.org/hufyxctc,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/c03vmr31,,,Indian Game: West Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/ndoy6ey1,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/oem1x6p3,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/oddpuhcr,,,Vienna Game
https://lichess.org/8nyn4en6,,,Danish Gambit Accepted, Classical Defense
https://lichess.org/871e0stv,,,Alekhine Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/hrm9qxad,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/0e32q5t0,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/5v3h3h1o,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/f4jai531,,,Four Knights Game
https://lichess.org/uhmvrr3a,,,Hungarian Opening: Slav Formation
https://lichess.org/ujnltg7m,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/qsnizie8,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/efoqvuww,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/ak88svgs,,,Sicilian Defense: Open #3
https://lichess.org/pw7i63ps,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/s49qxkkr,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/ksrfz1pm,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/0jvju4ol,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/gx6kgup6,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/nukjfkjd,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/nghmqf0x,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/03n1gski,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/vpbgbbut,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/aik7p16p,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/gwtg71t6,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Wade Variation
https://lichess.org/gysxkmdi,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/4x889gow,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/ls1vdw3f,,,Hungarian Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/tv4td5lw,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Tarrasch Defense, Pseudo-Tarrasch
https://lichess.org/xp8un1cg,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/fhrr5gmp,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/0rdil1ix,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/e244s4u2,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense #2
https://lichess.org/1jxj57b6,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/307mrlmd,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/wgctmjhj,,,Sicilian Defense: Open #3
https://lichess.org/qzjd7p72,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/67mlv2z9,,,Scandinavian Defense: Gubinsky-Melts Defense
https://lichess.org/vthqvtf1,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/yssniedd,,,Scotch Game: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/hwuzsr1c,,,Trompowsky Attack: Classical Defense
https://lichess.org/29xnj29u,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Semi-Tarrasch Defense
https://lichess.org/mc5kzh38,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/r7zt0kgp,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/c6czujgh,,,English Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/3tpo3xu8,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/x0tvolq9,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Central Variation, Greco Variation
https://lichess.org/usbj2q8f,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/9hq82t9g,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/flr3qd9w,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/3afzrcet,,,Anderssen Opening
https://lichess.org/1bsa46e2,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Noteboom Variation
https://lichess.org/50pu55kp,,,Richter-Veresov Attack #2
https://lichess.org/iacaxv3s,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/z6nhi0zp,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/xlfhn1se,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/6rlxwxpb,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/up9h2r8p,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/1ysbexkj,,,Zukertort Opening: Reversed Mexican Defense
https://lichess.org/5g2bculm,,,Zukertort Opening: Black Mustang Defense
https://lichess.org/6d8eizm1,,,Bird Opening: From's Gambit
https://lichess.org/2fjxroax,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/h96c3sbp,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/wpbnwt54,,,Petrov's Defense #2
https://lichess.org/qx47iijs,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Semi-Tarrasch Defense
https://lichess.org/4gl31ies,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/5mlnhlj6,,,English Opening: Caro-Kann Defensive System
https://lichess.org/d0i64jtk,,,Slav Defense #3
https://lichess.org/zh8u53wu,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/rki0ipl2,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/8syc93gi,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/8q9dt93y,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack, Kiddie Countergambit
https://lichess.org/xa8l6sp9,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/6mszdjoc,,,Sicilian Defense: Delayed Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/i9fr4y2p,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/h1ados2b,,,Elephant Gambit
