https://lichess.org/ld6ylyec,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/rn96mh5q,,,King's Gambit Accepted: Modern Defense #2
https://lichess.org/yxkho630,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/sedt2kpy,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/lheesoeq,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/k3tckhs5,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/df9td3q3,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/sris4vmf,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/2hv1mn54,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/jjl9cfrl,,,Hungarian Opening: Slav Formation
https://lichess.org/mj2awvv4,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/5nd8mvqz,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/sfzftbtl,,,Latvian Gambit: Mlotkowski Variation
https://lichess.org/z56ahi0c,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/gazm06zk,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/fo83aqj2,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/t31q0wcd,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/6alsfojh,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/gzzhyi2y,,,Blumenfeld Countergambit #2
https://lichess.org/q6ea33ov,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
https://lichess.org/m1xw1cbf,,,Sicilian Defense: Loewenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/4hiusixx,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/owc9cjs0,,,Vienna Game
https://lichess.org/f8zyjtva,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation Accepted
https://lichess.org/lj6rzl5h,,,Montevideo Defense
https://lichess.org/jn42anzx,,,Modern Defense: Modern Pterodactyl
https://lichess.org/f39mczu9,,,Englund Gambit Complex: Hartlaub-Charlick Gambit
https://lichess.org/nvyj86sb,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/596vq0u7,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Becker Defense
https://lichess.org/f4pfhsw6,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/wjkujaze,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/8wzrcfqr,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/kv868nmv,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/c8khit84,,,Goldsmith Defense
https://lichess.org/3e6bagvi,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/ci9hz2rg,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/ja1z99ww,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/3dh8rlrt,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/f8hwdtpp,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/gm8egzo5,,,Colle System #2
https://lichess.org/ksmqcioj,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/xsro9lcw,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Accelerated Panov Attack, Open Variation
https://lichess.org/kn5b93c5,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/98xkzq4o,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/gdn376d1,,,Russian Game: Cozio (Lasker) Attack
https://lichess.org/5f62pxq4,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/n1dgm8xe,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Nimzowitsch System
https://lichess.org/hwcuh8g8,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Showalter Variation
https://lichess.org/yt0nhq49,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/w0b2rd7q,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/8pz1l5dy,,,Bishop's Opening: Vienna Hybrid
https://lichess.org/13gua2dn,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/k0l0fly1,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/ksil176w,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/hzalb8we,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/3gl8lns3,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/5llbwq1m,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/zvmx4l2f,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/jtuz6t3d,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/co2biwma,,,English Opening: Anglo-Indian Defense, Hedgehog System
https://lichess.org/e0978e60,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/1pwb9g5w,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/590kgo2c,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/y2lui1es,,,Englund Gambit Complex: Soller Gambit
https://lichess.org/pdgcw7xb,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #3
https://lichess.org/v3wa00js,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/3p9iruiq,,,Russian Game: Damiano Variation
https://lichess.org/am7q6o30,,,Ruy Lopez: Nuernberg Variation
https://lichess.org/9ojilijs,,,Latvian Gambit
https://lichess.org/7o8sgb7j,,,King's Pawn Game: Beyer Gambit
https://lichess.org/5uagkeb3,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #2
https://lichess.org/c8z8r2gn,,,Sicilian Defense: Hyperaccelerated Pterodactyl
https://lichess.org/ml3ay08k,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/l8ldh9d0,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/zkgqr95u,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/y569cpm4,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/2rbxd3qe,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/mdlo5ta9,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/zlw252zx,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/43tidmk4,,,Vienna Game: Max Lange Defense
https://lichess.org/r5zf2w6m,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/cjbho4po,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/kp57g1p7,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/7ihysyzc,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/a9ouk4pn,,,Goldsmith Defense
https://lichess.org/adti5kdd,,,Vienna Game: Stanley Variation, Reversed Spanish
https://lichess.org/egrmidmy,,,Alekhine Defense: John Tracy Gambit
https://lichess.org/3y1h1bze,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/e70d30xy,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/akkpc6c6,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/ti84pzhy,,,Hungarian Opening: Slav Formation
https://lichess.org/72zfcnz9,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/929gc166,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/95clbqqh,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/ocyr04f1,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/u6bt60it,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/5up2qyl1,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/xwt5t8pt,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/ocepqkpi,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Austrian Defense
https://lichess.org/9oqx4gfz,,,King's Pawn Game: Tayler Opening
