https://lichess.org/t5fau8uu,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/l6fq0pct,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/93r0wty5,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/nxpamnat,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/q4jcbhur,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/0sfhs6fd,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/evfuedvg,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/zak0clpd,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Accelerated Move Order
https://lichess.org/9gkax8an,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/uvz6l6r4,,,English Opening: Carls-Bremen System
https://lichess.org/whz918y5,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/es94l2ww,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/bjj0inj3,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/3jm6azev,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/3cmcyjhv,,,English Defense
https://lichess.org/f46bxs8k,,,Philidor Defense: Lopez Countergambit
https://lichess.org/ubtbyn6n,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/97gnyiyp,,,Colle System #2
https://lichess.org/0m033y8w,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/0pfqhxer,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/r4h21p20,,,King's Indian Defense: Normal Variation, King's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/qe8ynbmo,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/e7xqqkak,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/45h0xyn6,,,East Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/12g90j5x,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/pgzsk08j,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/7a2rcovp,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/19rt2c6x,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/sbc42uiw,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/opylo8o1,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/qh0maup4,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Marshall Gambit
https://lichess.org/f2n46g3c,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ppy9f5fy,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/9rv2vyyr,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/0gwxc76y,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/0dcq51x5,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/wh8q9tyb,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/pirm776z,,,Colle System
https://lichess.org/dn1s7wlv,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/g47um2p0,,,French Defense: Steiner Variation
https://lichess.org/p6swbti4,,,Bishop's Opening: Ponziani Gambit
https://lichess.org/hd1q9363,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/zyd69d04,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/6s3e23kb,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #4
https://lichess.org/2gdk82ud,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/bhtzffic,,,Benoni Defense: Old Benoni
https://lichess.org/1s8f7erg,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/h95ehhne,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/jfpj2r9v,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/v32a3fe6,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/9egk50hv,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/mf63nq3o,,,King's Pawn Game: Maroczy Defense
https://lichess.org/stypmmlc,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/ipukfd6g,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/oydg2nai,,,Englund Gambit Complex: Felbecker Gambit
https://lichess.org/gxhkqlom,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/4os9jt9z,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Torre Attack
https://lichess.org/5l9qx1er,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation
https://lichess.org/w8r9p649,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/9p5fnxsb,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/dsflqvnh,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/8gs9dz0i,,,Englund Gambit Complex Declined
https://lichess.org/8xmcpmmn,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/nj1t22a4,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/eh0thob3,,,King's Pawn Game: Maroczy Defense
https://lichess.org/ztr30qjd,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Modern Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/a4dxbpb7,,,Englund Gambit Complex Declined
https://lichess.org/kq3rgbk5,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/cf1fee58,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/ndgpftmv,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Tarrasch Variation
https://lichess.org/hvqh1c3j,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/5ssq56cc,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/h13qktit,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit
https://lichess.org/tfjmt7ey,,,King's Gambit Declined: Keene's Defense #2
https://lichess.org/i17hvwk8,,,Indian Game: East Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/nrxpha5z,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/7wai0tqp,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/1duj7h8d,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/6oh8n2ek,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/ky7jushq,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit
https://lichess.org/q7q4fy6b,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/ezk48b30,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/w1ls9acp,,,King's Gambit Declined: Falkbeer Countergambit
https://lichess.org/nqe63aeb,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/n5aj9pt5,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/jmjygi12,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/bl5yipv5,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/t8vvtrsy,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/5o1szo60,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/7ejnkw86,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/nga83cw9,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/z2t5dtkw,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/4wyxj1gh,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/f6vi83mi,,,English Opening: Anglo-Lithuanian Variation
https://lichess.org/o5et4jx5,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/9dq4mpfk,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/q8uh6emr,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/g5mootkb,,,English Opening: Symmetrical Variation, Anti-Benoni Variation
https://lichess.org/47bxxnix,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/e40l3q18,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #3
