https://lichess.org/g55gf8rz,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/xtrsb1tu,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/pq0166jv,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/hovzt2ls,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/kc8wqjlz,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/x7bx3vvw,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/xhj5l6hq,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/e4n0ytsd,,,East Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/ekpknrmu,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit Declined, O'Kelly Defense
https://lichess.org/5ad7pp2s,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/i7v5sh4i,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/294ee18k,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/3pnn54xi,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/wir7v8rg,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/2gnb9jzo,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Austrian Defense
https://lichess.org/x3zpcov0,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/lptdmzz2,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/4mqu3r3n,,,Alekhine Defense #3
https://lichess.org/ihnvjd4k,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/ijjbxjwx,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/s36xdy7n,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/dt0p1ish,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/ic08iofb,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/9ej20yg1,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/ft5tmbvg,,,Gunderam Defense
https://lichess.org/oashtd5l,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/hph4molg,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/6l8ea0i6,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/stw8j307,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense #3
https://lichess.org/rzxfqwa0,,,Italian Game: Hungarian Defense
https://lichess.org/rf628n3v,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/8p0nmqm0,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/jx90eytf,,,King's Pawn Game: Tayler Opening
https://lichess.org/7zq2jvi6,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/80t46onr,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/ujydjwb1,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/jxey3rko,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/41gfa2bo,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/0y3dpivn,,,Sicilian Defense: Accelerated Dragon, Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/nzeo7mr8,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/h0lxoldn,,,Queen's Pawn Game: London System
https://lichess.org/2w1xhaoy,,,English Opening: Caro-Kann Defensive System
https://lichess.org/1nbx4mbn,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/8o7ukz98,,,Bishop's Opening: Philidor Counterattack
https://lichess.org/22j775k1,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/h3zq50d0,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/hx6t2r8t,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/8535tvnm,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/emo1h0cp,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/lkedcxia,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/gbzpde7y,,,Gunderam Defense
https://lichess.org/ys1gfes3,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/ejz9k2yv,,,King's Gambit Accepted: Modern Defense #2
https://lichess.org/873ukdea,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/3i22jqjy,,,Scotch Game: Relfsson Gambit
https://lichess.org/ghbnc54q,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/g7vsbmwf,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/ezmoo3yp,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/0o5jhip3,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/s5g18w98,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/8v0mdreu,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/cvn9s0rm,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/6mlhuufp,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/t5zxrz43,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/qhzx9xil,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/4edwj0sj,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/rwe993yu,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/6njr8lb6,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/930lvpip,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/ui3zxnq0,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/mo91rwkz,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/phf2wwla,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/j0vce3wy,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/6wszwi29,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense, Beverwijk Variation
https://lichess.org/eyy3jnn1,,,Scotch Game: Lolli Variation
https://lichess.org/c0p5iqi8,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Panov Attack #2
https://lichess.org/4yqknnro,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/rfhh8kxf,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/af6dals7,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/k7ykmfcq,,,Scandinavian Defense: Gubinsky-Melts Defense
https://lichess.org/fzsuiqcu,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/p7u64tid,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/59gc17zz,,,Zukertort Opening: Pirc Invitation
https://lichess.org/j8qxtsft,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/s7xsegcf,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Veresov Attack, Classical Defense
https://lichess.org/apvvgn0g,,,Englund Gambit Complex: Stockholm Variation
https://lichess.org/2ful6mu3,,,Pirc Defense: Austrian Attack, Weiss Variation
https://lichess.org/n894yq2y,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/dfjzc0um,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen-Basman Defense
https://lichess.org/6ddfv4mo,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/b405a20x,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Austrian Defense
https://lichess.org/uehg14ta,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/8l3zp26w,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/74burdne,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/bd8wz49s,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/ki1x50ip,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/z1xo0i0d,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/gdh9xme1,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation, Albin Gambit
https://lichess.org/wfzc6dhs,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/mtqo9jd2,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Italian Four Knights Variation
