https://lichess.org/73d8f3j3,,,Queen's Gambit
https://lichess.org/l6hxqqbd,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/1ufdpazr,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/gvvj87uj,,,Sicilian Defense: Delayed Alapin
https://lichess.org/bvsvglex,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/uwm0ojsx,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System, Anti-Colle
https://lichess.org/taqls9sn,,,Russian Game: Damiano Variation
https://lichess.org/bj1nk0e9,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/w6ds001h,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/nwpkhvlf,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/jw5log7b,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/5fmyfc7z,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/efpt8zeg,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/eij6cczr,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/ov8ybhsr,,,King's Pawn Game: Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/b3zgio2i,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/j70490h9,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/92b6qt9q,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation Accepted
https://lichess.org/eav909pa,,,Ponziani Opening
https://lichess.org/wh4efl4n,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/04bmgydq,,,Scandinavian Defense: Icelandic-Palme Gambit
https://lichess.org/ufrbkhqi,,,Vienna Game: Falkbeer Variation
https://lichess.org/b03199mv,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/2z5xethr,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/e31q869q,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/bqspim9q,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/pheg119d,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/t1nd3ajb,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Saduleto Variation
https://lichess.org/v5txuz0x,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/vzadx14j,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/kldntktt,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/08r3me1z,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/dq44unkc,,,King's Gambit Declined, Keene Defense
https://lichess.org/61zpsk3k,,,Slav Defense: Quiet Variation
https://lichess.org/f8ms299d,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/air3lsf3,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/fli1ma04,,,Sicilian Defense: Najdorf Variation
https://lichess.org/d6vj74j0,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/587sjsrn,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/nsox4zwc,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/9ozixf9e,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen Variation
https://lichess.org/whmu7uoy,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/xxgh92t3,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit
https://lichess.org/5u1rd9ei,,,Center Game
https://lichess.org/32h05ium,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Saemisch Variation, Accelerated
https://lichess.org/xukdrecg,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System
https://lichess.org/zi4i0b9m,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/26nnxt4l,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/j0kh7xuk,,,Sicilian Defense: Open #3
https://lichess.org/kmhhybue,,,Queen's Indian Defense: Spassky System
https://lichess.org/c7utwn1m,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/eeq0wovf,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/bag12h5k,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/edeprhc8,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/74rg6hox,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/l27jkag4,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/4zc2z7hf,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/3hf6n466,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/at7xnf75,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/aq90pqwh,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/pnc4aff7,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/w4xmy4if,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/dzi459jb,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/5odrvgbh,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/2uyotz5c,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/7owp4m25,,,French Defense: Rubinstein Variation, Blackburne Defense
https://lichess.org/nwjylu62,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/xygcg9lm,,,Sicilian Defense: Accelerated Dragon, Modern Variation
https://lichess.org/qcf5o1j6,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit
https://lichess.org/fi2laxn3,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/rf371x94,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/bsmlyhrz,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/fetw60d6,,,King's Gambit Declined, Keene Defense
https://lichess.org/t65gopy5,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/wlysg68l,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Perreux Variation
https://lichess.org/ukrc7b2z,,,Alekhine Defense: Modern Variation, Larsen-Haakert Variation
https://lichess.org/yavbnuwm,,,English Orangutan
https://lichess.org/h6yb8dbg,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/jhklbatb,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/mu4ufrvu,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/vloiehyx,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/ibwqpvgj,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/hrpnw49b,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/14jekhd0,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/yaqhghso,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/o9b0hnx0,,,Bishop's Opening: Ponziani Gambit
https://lichess.org/6r6floz3,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/ssoi3r7o,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/vqat7l5y,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/hnyle6t4,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/77iv7eih,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/rt11c3ph,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Saemisch Variation, Accelerated
https://lichess.org/6g5sohjw,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/65c0bc5n,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Perreux Variation
https://lichess.org/f7c7050w,,,Rubinstein Opening
https://lichess.org/uju0iuq6,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/j2m6wpwg,,,King's Pawn Game: Maroczy Defense
https://lichess.org/skv62or6,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/yzqzz7v3,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/8fmhb0bb,,,Pirc Defense #4
