https://lichess.org/a6oapnrr,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/8cv1kz9z,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/kyuo2mxd,,,Petrov's Defense
https://lichess.org/pndy3u4x,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/64k15dxt,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/pcn726hu,,,Slav Defense: Slav Gambit, Alekhine Attack
https://lichess.org/ilpii8c7,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/e5s2vznu,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/05whkr0c,,,Scandinavian Defense: Boehnke Gambit
https://lichess.org/ixcf91ji,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/ote33p40,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/e8qwus4f,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/inx3kznw,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/ovjz3e1q,,,King's Pawn Game: Macleod Attack
https://lichess.org/cksaqp5i,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/e990py64,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/pie5wksv,,,Four Knights Game: Gunsberg Variation
https://lichess.org/7x6wo1hv,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/dpj0z5dr,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/xte32l37,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/03q3vep8,,,Benoni Defense: Old Benoni
https://lichess.org/83lhen0c,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Italian Four Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/k2obavk9,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/0nem6f8p,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Krause Variation
https://lichess.org/0yrcpgc2,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/eswfr1ki,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/lyubxphs,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/dhmh2pxn,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/qaiufavu,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/j4o71bqv,,,King's Pawn Game: Tayler Opening
https://lichess.org/h7vtmcvq,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/s4jxgnw7,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/4eja3arq,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Nimzowitsch System
https://lichess.org/gfbejzjx,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/om11x6b6,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/xttfzlic,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/q6gmxmb5,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/6k869z12,,,Polish Opening: Birmingham Gambit
https://lichess.org/3hfnhrmq,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/klmquksk,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/hlkdjez5,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/9cd5wkx9,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/gatu2ui0,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen Variation
https://lichess.org/vnh5o5yl,,,Scotch Game: Goering Gambit, Double Pawn Sacrifice
https://lichess.org/36zeflza,,,Sicilian Defense: Four Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/v0ffh89l,,,Danish Gambit Accepted, Classical Defense
https://lichess.org/w7fr4cr1,,,Queen's Gambit
https://lichess.org/0r9viges,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/v7i7xf11,,,French Defense: Steinitz Variation #2
https://lichess.org/o8259a9p,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation, Short Variation
https://lichess.org/vxqnc02c,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/3khvfkk4,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/txatfc1o,,,Hungarian Opening: Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/0fo7km3x,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/zade1fpq,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/brx5lxf3,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/tvmlqmm8,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/lq9tzjio,,,Italian Game: Schilling-Kostic Gambit
https://lichess.org/ecabqt1d,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/274pzsnm,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/auml3bqw,,,Mikenas Defense
https://lichess.org/e725s2sp,,,King's Indian Attack: Sicilian Variation
https://lichess.org/3o2w7d5o,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/vawbbymb,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/2oakk1cj,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/omukow0l,,,Zukertort Opening: Pirc Invitation
https://lichess.org/axmslpdu,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/0wzfzo64,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/p9llyq98,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/9k6uk78e,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/o0yla986,,,Italian Game: Hungarian Defense
https://lichess.org/liy0670y,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/gad8bj4f,,,Petrov's Defense
https://lichess.org/c6ov5jhd,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/rfbn1ryx,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/6fx5im29,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/w56ka4uo,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/2v1uc6te,,,Four Knights Game
https://lichess.org/t56oy4dw,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/in64vlo8,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/yzy2do54,,,Queen's Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/8is1l75f,,,East Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/2hnca7u5,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/isw9zp5r,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/0ufm5c57,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/qb0kuhva,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/w2lho5g3,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/n2fu6uru,,,Van Geet Opening: Reversed Nimzowitsch
https://lichess.org/efrax28l,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/l5pj3v5b,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/yxf1k5nc,,,Slav Defense: Geller Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/ds1nriqz,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/byxf9gx4,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Marshall Gambit
https://lichess.org/k11rmm5l,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/2rowt9wo,,,Zukertort Opening: Queenside Fianchetto Variation
https://lichess.org/dvcw473j,,,Van Geet Opening: Reversed Nimzowitsch
https://lichess.org/mjwm59fx,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/j5mf8bfj,,,Four Knights Game: Gunsberg Variation
https://lichess.org/ipgyz81v,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/zsfi7nnb,,,Philidor Defense #3
