https://lichess.org/3aivnmm2,,,King's Pawn Game: Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/pf05v0s3,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/9o8502tx,,,Zukertort Opening: Kingside Fianchetto
https://lichess.org/jwj6ie7k,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/vqe9iwbm,,,Petrov's Defense
https://lichess.org/1mm4p25h,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/7150zzou,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/6a5d9l9f,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/41unxvqd,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/vf1xug0p,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/zwsu0ytd,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/zdumzyxs,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/gqsko4t0,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/94rsrq5z,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/8yf4okqd,,,Trompowsky Attack
https://lichess.org/a5d3py3e,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/s8jk8hxk,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/0uas4mvz,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/2uothuru,,,Four Knights Game: Double Spanish
https://lichess.org/pcoknapf,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/3wf2qtde,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/1xky79ts,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/367no9vr,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/qan5af69,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/9xa7db4u,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/u04oje4m,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/4r2gzbzo,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/tzifhae0,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/kk7wep3u,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/4u7h57yh,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/0eybyee0,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation Accepted
https://lichess.org/jav36g19,,,Bird Opening: Myers Defense
https://lichess.org/uzztntal,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/hp1lwgsz,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/xuf3fkw2,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/uyjnrl5l,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/kjxegg1w,,,Polish Opening: King's Indian Variation
https://lichess.org/p864iktk,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/pgg4nrzv,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/y6c243sq,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/ppxucvam,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/qms00dtu,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/l1hjrbz8,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/d83op96n,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/3x06jwlf,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Norwegian Variation
https://lichess.org/bxpaclq3,,,Hungarian Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/0omym1xb,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/zfd9lg5d,,,Mikenas Defense
https://lichess.org/74g2i2qs,,,Bird Opening: Myers Defense
https://lichess.org/1uue5pen,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/2nrh353j,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/gzq0lxoj,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/8swipj8j,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/9tq1950w,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/ndtbgti6,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/uph6lx32,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/6rhgu1kc,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/cb09f4yq,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/ofkb95o8,,,Slav Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/i2d2nk94,,,Franco-Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/tob8wzm1,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/0lh8ufh2,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/cnnbuhb8,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/ntnmyder,,,English Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/aoz1kqgk,,,Rat Defense: Harmonist
https://lichess.org/ddzys5h9,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/y88zmynh,,,Hungarian Opening: Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/ovwio0zo,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/0bbr7fd0,,,Hungarian Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/fl8vqmcm,,,English Opening: Great Snake Variation
https://lichess.org/djbg4jj2,,,King's Gambit Declined, Classical Variation #2
https://lichess.org/afxlvrea,,,Sicilian Defense: Canal Attack, Main Line
https://lichess.org/v76z6zrz,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/he44llwt,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/erxpy2le,,,Russian Game: Cozio (Lasker) Attack
https://lichess.org/8f4vr3q8,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/8kccqgj1,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/5ci5706g,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/oi3w1avi,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/fh1r2nw3,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/povapegn,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/j6zhkjcu,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/sf2uuraz,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/h9ou5jz6,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/vy2r667h,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/w4sr3qz8,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/qse87jjj,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/1aol6tny,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/k3fn8b66,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/cn5xam7z,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/hg7mneln,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/urlklj0u,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/o3a9auby,,,Italian Game: Schilling-Kostic Gambit
https://lichess.org/gt4eav2s,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/l3obqycm,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/p52iilty,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/osu8wx0z,,,Pirc Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/f4ye2rfc,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/7j7vs7e8,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/zq08d0vd,,,Philidor Defense #2
