https://lichess.org/de4vgpkw,,,Indian Game: West Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/v0tzx2hd,,,Ruy Lopez: Schliemann Defense, Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/u7ckclpe,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/2n0dbxm9,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Williams Variation
https://lichess.org/ay26g2rw,,,French Defense: Mediterranean Defense
https://lichess.org/z9a6lpd0,,,Sicilian Defense: Godiva Variation
https://lichess.org/gc3yxxln,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/n6lsaq7s,,,Ware Opening
https://lichess.org/ioxrsf48,,,French Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/h69fqh2n,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/janbxqq9,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/5pkiogbw,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/15if638x,,,Philidor Defense #4
https://lichess.org/ttagdur9,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/f7vnof4o,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/bd0hngi9,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/h1caysju,,,Queen's Pawn Opening: Veresov Attack, Irish Gambit
https://lichess.org/vackgk44,,,Scotch Game: Haxo Gambit
https://lichess.org/l8rw0yr6,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation, Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/4ay8inmn,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/a45xys2m,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/ya36csh6,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/4z47shxp,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/dd8j2vff,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/6qae9j9t,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/g2tpu8nw,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Cunningham Defense
https://lichess.org/t7hkp4vt,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/dyjd0xdo,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/7szx3msj,,,Scotch Game: Mieses Variation
https://lichess.org/8hw1ntr2,,,Hungarian Opening: Slav Formation
https://lichess.org/qusyrq8a,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/5gakwg2b,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/c5w9cg9o,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Franco-Nimzowitsch Variation
https://lichess.org/p4zlqh3r,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/6o8rymah,,,French Defense: MacCutcheon, Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/b4ci1wy9,,,Sicilian Defense: Franco-Sicilian Variation
https://lichess.org/utxoz1ts,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/k9lgw4zy,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/w68st6bb,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/jyw9y4kx,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/6pyffucp,,,King's Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/gy9k9yqr,,,Polish Defense
https://lichess.org/8t5tdf9p,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/hx5ytqni,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Euwe Variation
https://lichess.org/e42xwx6r,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/wjf8y1q6,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/rlygorvn,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/0aqfmbd6,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/yzu52xrt,,,Gruenfeld Defense
https://lichess.org/0xog8y31,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/jup5rg92,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/nibjrq3u,,,French Defense: Perseus Gambit
https://lichess.org/oa1nrxwn,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/aazp4bql,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/pe6s8kqr,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/nh09jhbm,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/m10ztwqh,,,French Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/mhcx475w,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/f2hcxwws,,,Ruy Lopez: Closed Variations, Martinez Variation
https://lichess.org/qbo4ua3n,,,Indian Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/zk8utlst,,,English Opening: Symmetrical Variation, Four Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/bz2c31dt,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/mb2l5rcf,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/13p5a826,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/nzqzbska,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/9dotl24w,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/6v1gevpr,,,Colle System: Rhamphorhynchus Variation
https://lichess.org/y1h45d0v,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Euwe Variation
https://lichess.org/39zz3xa7,,,Four Knights Game
https://lichess.org/32vg1k93,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/pwwvmck2,,,Zukertort Opening: Queenside Fianchetto Variation
https://lichess.org/11t09rxr,,,Center Game: Hall Variation
https://lichess.org/96old0va,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/2a1lq7if,,,Bishop's Opening: Vienna Hybrid, Spielmann Attack
https://lichess.org/z763aad4,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/hy4grs6b,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Scandinavian Variation, Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/goey32r6,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/yd7yqxpd,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/j47vwy8w,,,Slav Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/7vjws8zd,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/0qntq2ny,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/jlyc2rad,,,Scotch Game: Haxo Gambit
https://lichess.org/xifexz5i,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/vcm9t9fh,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit
https://lichess.org/u8zxvp8h,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/m1hcqwyp,,,Indian Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/9jzzhl02,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/pb6d95ve,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/2a3y1vuy,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/971d7m13,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/ftupeeqr,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/lk91ubv0,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/a5muvu1k,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/lq5oot91,,,Petrov's Defense
https://lichess.org/77v9769p,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/3owxtgf1,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/6gveq2ak,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/xbpeka1p,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Albin Countergambit
https://lichess.org/imlzgfrn,,,Russian Game: Kaufmann Attack
https://lichess.org/kfloc4qt,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
