https://lichess.org/p3pgq3l0,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/xaqgvhpa,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/gdg8c7ry,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/qunbequl,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/ub83vnjn,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/11d8imdw,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/6mhiodn5,,,Four Knights Game: Gunsberg Variation
https://lichess.org/ebm01qam,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/qp1nwrb1,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/7zxyoqb7,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/0sful5p6,,,King's Gambit Declined, Classical Variation #2
https://lichess.org/qdkjnwhs,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/s11agh24,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/u2l8rxm1,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/a9s8rv67,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/vbsz7uml,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/n3jru5wq,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/h427e0h0,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/a17jwe5f,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/bjkauf02,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/grkgcw0o,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/xd0r97ia,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/n8g7oifg,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/rsp3fj01,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/ndtbstds,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/uhrmt0mg,,,Slav Defense #3
https://lichess.org/7lqoyznb,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Torre Attack
https://lichess.org/ig8pjuys,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/vo71uldj,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/gy0afuuq,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/bxfyzwca,,,Pirc Defense
https://lichess.org/tngoy7xe,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/fjciqedm,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/ecler42a,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/9dlrmxsd,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/92lsbhkt,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/yx3vh7k5,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/tnqjxver,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
https://lichess.org/o3z644ft,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/4evwbzjl,,,Alekhine Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/ovahm24y,,,Scotch Game: Scotch Gambit
https://lichess.org/cgvfs9a4,,,Hungarian Opening: Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/axu6kj8w,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/1r345c8b,,,King's Indian Defense: Makogonov Variation
https://lichess.org/4in7yi6a,,,Sicilian Defense: Open #3
https://lichess.org/gzjam295,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/zropuisw,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/ldume7cn,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed #2
https://lichess.org/uur5zut3,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/olbx7yje,,,Italian Game: Scotch Gambit, Double Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/mx8nybpv,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/vqugu53i,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/erv0oyln,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/l8p1bmyl,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/0knlja5o,,,Slav Defense: Quiet Variation, Schallopp Defense
https://lichess.org/suhzm4p0,,,Hungarian Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/hmzuuhkk,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/h4z945ml,,,Slav Defense: Modern Line
https://lichess.org/ckpm3npz,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/sp49iw3r,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/tgslm1f4,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/i75c3j97,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Breyer Variation
https://lichess.org/bmatmxrf,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/lslcozvz,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/73114mud,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/zi7qjxk9,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/q5a5ny17,,,King's Gambit Declined, Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/trfgjxdl,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/8qw3adwi,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/amjfz7no,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/lmbz07k8,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Krause Variation
https://lichess.org/3b99e46o,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Paulsen Attack
https://lichess.org/993yibwa,,,Hungarian Opening: Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/ny4h3qg1,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/u87k25tq,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/t037xu3o,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Paulsen Attack
https://lichess.org/zy8fman2,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/6jdnf4dq,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/9q8a5nj1,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/g7kt2fp2,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/i385ueha,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/163kpzj1,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/vxxhj6qq,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/bnsppj36,,,Slav Defense: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/q4vmnkdu,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/gcx3x9vg,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/zwhijmeo,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/f85nkqgt,,,Benoni Defense: Hromadka System
https://lichess.org/7vvj7dwa,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/a4kzmtye,,,Zukertort Opening: Pirc Invitation
https://lichess.org/5n34pgvi,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/39ysg9p7,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/e9mmvfn5,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/lbtx9cdz,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/cdendd51,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/6hebb5i1,,,Vienna Game: Vienna Gambit
https://lichess.org/hj4y4mz7,,,Four Knights Game: Spanish Variation
https://lichess.org/myfif536,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/htvx9g7p,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Modern Variation
https://lichess.org/se0huzxf,,,Queen's Pawn Opening: Veresov Attack, Irish Gambit
