https://lichess.org/cpk55fji,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/jyj4e92a,,,Zukertort Opening: Ware Defense
https://lichess.org/tp5tt9b0,,,Pirc Defense #3
https://lichess.org/l7tdc17j,,,Scotch Game: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/syj7nqxz,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/48pfg02z,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/17lozsx2,,,Mieses Opening: Reversed Rat
https://lichess.org/g15qcxsd,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/ai4if7vf,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/wvr8pgcg,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/khqsndwv,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation Accepted
https://lichess.org/8m97ia62,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/30pjxr2b,,,Kadas Opening
https://lichess.org/vfnrhob8,,,Danish Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/xoiozwgp,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/wlx79zq9,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/uukouz02,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/h2i394ry,,,Colle System #2
https://lichess.org/dmdd5rsz,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation, Monte Carlo Variation
https://lichess.org/rl7uncyb,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/z7ocubjv,,,Gruenfeld Defense: Three Knights Variation, Burille Variation
https://lichess.org/8gkctm5i,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/cdltpo3j,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/4aoej6ap,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/ntqptkns,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/bqit4nf4,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/xbunn3b1,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Accelerated Move Order
https://lichess.org/4jzc45mx,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/ad3z3ong,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/zhftff96,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/01hch8al,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/25dxxlb7,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/d3ynu0u6,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/61oxc952,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/fohwd4n1,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/i8iodpxj,,,King's Gambit Declined, Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/opht85t6,,,Rat Defense: Harmonist
https://lichess.org/5vyo0eu4,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/3ted2q1b,,,Center Game
https://lichess.org/ug4wl950,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/lkflfxyl,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/e4pkskbd,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Baltic Defense, Pseudo-Slav
https://lichess.org/yb4hdja8,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Stonewall Attack
https://lichess.org/iga84kfl,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/mev6otwu,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation
https://lichess.org/07hiw5dp,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Ryder Gambit
https://lichess.org/do5ytnry,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/0smfjba4,,,Kadas Opening
https://lichess.org/0zda9zj0,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/of2w91nk,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/tbb0uwcl,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/9w7wiqer,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/bbw1mobx,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/ajx7r7il,,,Petrov: Modern Attack
https://lichess.org/33wvpd9u,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/wljbnfhk,,,Scandinavian Defense: Gubinsky-Melts Defense
https://lichess.org/7i80lmf9,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/3zw20ixx,,,Kadas Opening
https://lichess.org/7itwmodi,,,Benko Gambit
https://lichess.org/v6il633j,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/1b0n35ke,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/tmuoj79u,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/yhfue1vx,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/olwfzocr,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/cf4tt402,,,Scotch Game: Haxo Gambit
https://lichess.org/yw9075hp,,,English Opening: Symmetrical Variation, Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/eb2vkslo,,,Scandinavian Defense: Gubinsky-Melts Defense
https://lichess.org/46zli3a2,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/89y3brnr,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/dlc9eqry,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/rmqbmd3r,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/4qe0h1yf,,,Gedult's Opening
https://lichess.org/n1iicy8c,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/1mkck39f,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/y09zof61,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/3wgm5y36,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/6zi6ja8g,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/ferqykst,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/3r32jser,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/di7fxng3,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/vi57bgzn,,,Center Game: Kieseritzky Variation #4
https://lichess.org/0e6in2eq,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/swrad8ai,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Chigorin Defense
https://lichess.org/rxwexs6h,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation #2
https://lichess.org/05vt5ymq,,,Grob Opening: Grob Gambit
https://lichess.org/qewnex9o,,,Mikenas Defense
https://lichess.org/tz8nj74p,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/wtxi530i,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/mfuiyvu1,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/hwmpdkh6,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/5dt9oquh,,,King's Gambit, Falkbeer Countergambit, Staunton Line
https://lichess.org/qyhzwrqp,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/955p0x13,,,Semi-Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/iqiuxwmm,,,Sicilian Defense: Wing Gambit
https://lichess.org/g0o7ne22,,,Scotch Game: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/m989hfac,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/8fnfa2aa,,,Sicilian Defense #2
https://lichess.org/g1ymvy16,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/84lgdqh6,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/rdaw0pj0,,,Philidor Defense
