https://lichess.org/utcs2zxp,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/h6pmc4ty,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/sjaak5pl,,,Mieses Opening: Reversed Rat
https://lichess.org/w0iraaes,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/i5om0omj,,,Colle System #2
https://lichess.org/r39inf4n,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack, Welling Variation
https://lichess.org/s8ck9rq5,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/kprtuo7l,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/ynb3a4sh,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/buaw3uhf,,,Queen's Gambit
https://lichess.org/gwislhno,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/ravqcmoh,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #4
https://lichess.org/9ufyo8wt,,,Gruenfeld Defense: Stockholm Variation
https://lichess.org/dhji377a,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/u0e0a6dx,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/w35bfiix,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/97g1b3w9,,,Alekhine Defense #2
https://lichess.org/oiu5ei1r,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/3qxk9u3r,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/4cdryfku,,,Sicilian Defense: Boleslavsky Variation
https://lichess.org/fslvk3st,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/dx61aeen,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/ip2en4zn,,,Goldsmith Defense
https://lichess.org/qhsjgetj,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Accelerated Move Order
https://lichess.org/qhn4bgb1,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/5s3bhsga,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/z9p05xv5,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/bzx3j292,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/mtp1h0v1,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/704ytzgt,,,Indian Game: Pawn Push Variation
https://lichess.org/8x7sds8r,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/xzjhkl94,,,Four Knights Game: Halloween Gambit
https://lichess.org/c790r6c9,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/wx3b4rff,,,Sicilian Defense: Open #3
https://lichess.org/lpjjndwh,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/xrdj6630,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Italian Four Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/rr02fd2k,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/92m1xl4s,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/12e00ef5,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/c9r7hdcf,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/4c2muewo,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/7aw885xl,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/0g5vlnxd,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/47f2bmni,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/i7c5re8t,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/zlrxboq6,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/lkvm5m04,,,Colle System #2
https://lichess.org/cvvq6cov,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/lbex4ruu,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ghzmohuf,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/jqngmvvv,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/fg3oetwx,,,King's Pawn Game: Mengarini's Opening
https://lichess.org/rs6i150u,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/553db2kg,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/9sketxfh,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/2xrt7vyz,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/i4kjy0ib,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/rlc2hvg7,,,King's Pawn Game: Macleod Attack
https://lichess.org/67by008x,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/xrk383kq,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/k10vxxnj,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/7txi8s95,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/kd7cwsur,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/bd887p0w,,,Goldsmith Defense
https://lichess.org/5cp9l9e4,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/9oqngb94,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/sg5o3puu,,,Zukertort Opening: Black Mustang Defense
https://lichess.org/jyro4w30,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/s71p29d0,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed
https://lichess.org/hmy9zatc,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/7i4u4vla,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/0g7kfp5t,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/zmyqe350,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
https://lichess.org/rpb075qb,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/o5gv3xrp,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/gdjysjue,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/5o6zcym1,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/leyq8qzt,,,Kadas Opening
https://lichess.org/e9dmlld0,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/qpot8osf,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/ky93xrr0,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen-Basman Defense
https://lichess.org/k0qaiu2k,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Vienna Variation
https://lichess.org/y3gpolqk,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/lx2w8po0,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/8mcfi9el,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/zrau8rvj,,,Pirc Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/lt1hb1zd,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/0f45rapy,,,Slav Defense: Quiet Variation, Schallopp Defense
https://lichess.org/mmh73n6u,,,Van Geet Opening
https://lichess.org/nof8az6t,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/5v2p8fxp,,,Indian Game: Wade-Tartakower Defense
https://lichess.org/ihi3ki5v,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Ragozin Variation
https://lichess.org/tnn790ay,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/h8jp44x3,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/23tk3gux,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/vl4wbctu,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/lmhin1md,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/3oha2j6f,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/dawj9fro,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Modern Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/h0alvoxu,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
