https://lichess.org/sg1ky8h9,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation, Westerinen Attack
https://lichess.org/n1vcmo92,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/d9ivcpwj,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/nfpnik3d,,,Gunderam Defense
https://lichess.org/n5z9ikcz,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/3lxxxxmw,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/1pv2wg3y,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation, Open
https://lichess.org/j132noni,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/ea2unv2w,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/ehqqr2kd,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/ceonfr61,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/lj61ynut,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/pbwv16ka,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/k4sp9rhr,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/5xnaxe2z,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/r4kbcsi8,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/bkx7xjks,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/z969dfxa,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/8r2hj9a3,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/mqee9l57,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/w1ruksvp,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/ri2kmnzv,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Fischer Defense
https://lichess.org/qzq0f982,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/t5bxlpec,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Torre Attack
https://lichess.org/v5dk2251,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/u8pis4y6,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/20cj2hxh,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Zeller Defense
https://lichess.org/lmlskbdu,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
https://lichess.org/wav4u055,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/c1di0qgv,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/q4rpyxrr,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/igx528ei,,,French Defense: Advance, Steinitz Variation
https://lichess.org/3m5hahd6,,,Sicilian Defense: Lasker-Dunne Attack
https://lichess.org/bokn16m4,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/4aaxz0uj,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/bh5c52yr,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Caro Variation
https://lichess.org/cp6cl2cx,,,Indian Game: Tartakower Attack
https://lichess.org/guevzsda,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/grk5vg1l,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/4fo6vqe8,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #4
https://lichess.org/rskik09n,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/tu5fzqze,,,Italian Game: Rousseau Gambit
https://lichess.org/ihahkhxn,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/0t3qlvby,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/mno8wtgk,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Accelerated Move Order
https://lichess.org/pj865ki4,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation, Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/m5q66chy,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/19w8rfw9,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/np1boucp,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/3k0z8y3t,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/rktuxwtx,,,Alekhine Defense: Maroczy Variation
https://lichess.org/j9xgcj9i,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #4
https://lichess.org/h9wtj0tv,,,Zukertort Opening: Black Mustang Defense
https://lichess.org/2n8mcmae,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/c0zfdu4g,,,Vienna Game
https://lichess.org/u8fkvvle,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/5p2ns63j,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/cxu8ffrt,,,Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/qsaocisz,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/p1vbzcon,,,Slav Defense: Modern
https://lichess.org/4baqsi9i,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/t7yk5dbs,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/mswokuym,,,Colle System
https://lichess.org/1c5w7gtx,,,King's Indian Attack: Omega-Delta Gambit
https://lichess.org/56v0py7h,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/ajcfwj3i,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/jbj5b4fs,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/ejw62luh,,,Vienna Game: Vienna Gambit, Cunningham Defense
https://lichess.org/ruwpkm17,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/wub9kh1s,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/ekot6j6c,,,Russian Game: Modern Attack
https://lichess.org/f2fl5jwk,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/45qew2n0,,,French Defense: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/0woqozcz,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/f0lb6y4t,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/ejw57zui,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/wp6i80t5,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/tj4pe9nn,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/ructzkck,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/rtcsbwrc,,,Indian Game: Seirawan Attack
https://lichess.org/1i2sfr5o,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/07kx92da,,,Pirc Defense: Roscher Gambit
https://lichess.org/j18a1ra1,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Anderssen Variation
https://lichess.org/vqqj2x5b,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/coexcc8z,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
https://lichess.org/hbss1qse,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/wj4oynw5,,,Sicilian Defense: Lasker-Dunne Attack
https://lichess.org/mcz6h10e,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/biiv8qs3,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/dnh08t76,,,Ruy Lopez: Schliemann Defense, Jaenisch Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/u7rgs35l,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/cv9k5zp4,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation, Greco Gambit, Traditional Line
https://lichess.org/0e6oivm3,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/tjd4ewix,,,Zukertort Opening: Old Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/x39w8z4f,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/ieib2xnd,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed
https://lichess.org/15syhzup,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/cb5928y3,,,Four Knights Game
https://lichess.org/zldzbmhn,,,Sicilian Defense: Loewenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/3ul89y6i,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
