https://lichess.org/20gvbxvn,,,Kadas Opening
https://lichess.org/mjd18rpv,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/12oi9x3o,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/zu9ru0hl,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/u1okyqo4,,,Torre Attack #2
https://lichess.org/gwki5a1j,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/1ohjfkql,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/e2nrtshi,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation, Traditional
https://lichess.org/dfzsu9jy,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/j287hzrs,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/if22oeiu,,,East Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/o5t2etb7,,,Zukertort Opening: Pirc Invitation
https://lichess.org/33m8nat7,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/0kxmixuq,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/5dk9v6z6,,,Scotch Game: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/ljo5v5ld,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/89q8p7fs,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/egxfwws1,,,Indian Game: Budapest Defense
https://lichess.org/ulysmcly,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/9nevizeg,,,Nimzowitsch Defense, Declined Variation
https://lichess.org/c5qraezx,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/9fmuzmf9,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/7hcu5caf,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/xaklxj66,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/3x5dlo4s,,,French Defense: Carlson Gambit
https://lichess.org/clk8jtcu,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/i3gpb7yl,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/mu6nq2gf,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/29fvfukz,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Austrian Defense
https://lichess.org/nlzaueyt,,,Sicilian Defense: Lasker-Dunne Attack
https://lichess.org/awpuf6u7,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/9a8jxhob,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/9dulkwq5,,,Pirc Defense: Roscher Gambit
https://lichess.org/pgo2tbuq,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/rt2awkls,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/k9wuaj7p,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/em66djs6,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/g8qnr3q1,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
https://lichess.org/rhlqu6tb,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/nw8zdhct,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/3o4v7qhe,,,Scotch Game: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/0jcyg7la,,,Vienna Game: Anderssen Defense
https://lichess.org/ilucsp2v,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/5nb1ttxm,,,Alekhine Defense: Scandinavian Variation
https://lichess.org/wkd5v9tw,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/4feaqell,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Accelerated Move Order
https://lichess.org/5vfi4cvi,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed
https://lichess.org/5p6zbeuu,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/i7ahr83y,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/ob403n2t,,,Zukertort Opening: Nimzo-Larsen Variation
https://lichess.org/xv19iv50,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/nnawaatv,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/lcf31idv,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/fvnh6ery,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/wno1r0ew,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Central Variation, Greco Variation
https://lichess.org/f318ev0x,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/tqnau89b,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/qtks1qls,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/ksicr6v6,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/m0lmxax6,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/mbe61yv6,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/082h3vpu,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/owmutx95,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/z4eexbl1,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/eejpxtzb,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/0htuvsqy,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/ciofylgu,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/wr3nj9rj,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/o8r9gxxb,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Cunningham Defense
https://lichess.org/z2s9ph10,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/k90ambdf,,,Pirc Defense
https://lichess.org/1i68jq9b,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/hg2p5rm3,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/4zizi6f0,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/dhzu5gof,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation, Linksspringer Variation
https://lichess.org/g92xfcii,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/c67lz6cd,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Panov Attack #2
https://lichess.org/oeaxewlu,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/qpzpo8mz,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/2xanocg5,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/ndlqdzpi,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/hm0enslt,,,Benoni Defense: Modern Variation
https://lichess.org/aw7h9o0y,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
https://lichess.org/vqdmsjb3,,,Yusupov-Rubinstein System
https://lichess.org/2otjuau7,,,Russian Game: Modern Attack, Center Attack
https://lichess.org/q2m2fdk2,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/6r5e4i3a,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/34wtou6n,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/ae31wwf3,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/nq488wsh,,,Center Game: Kieseritzky Variation #2
https://lichess.org/q4mplb3d,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Saduleto Variation
https://lichess.org/06fueewh,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/t43pd3w0,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/u5ggpbk2,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/nt2tfky2,,,French Defense: Classical Variation, Steinitz Variation
https://lichess.org/jyfx3qfn,,,Sicilian Defense: Four Knights Variation, Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/0dtml9ya,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Panov Attack #2
https://lichess.org/35bwb8mv,,,Pirc Defense
https://lichess.org/xlbtujpq,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/pnsdn1q6,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
