https://lichess.org/5g94opsu,,,English Opening: Caro-Kann Defensive System
https://lichess.org/cxxepp1o,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/sdopnlco,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/y3uz0yp5,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Italian Four Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/5fv65fje,,,Kadas Opening
https://lichess.org/jlx94dc9,,,Pirc Defense
https://lichess.org/j3ic2r03,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/3vhy1t5g,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/t2jal7ga,,,Kangaroo Defense
https://lichess.org/oxh1ki8x,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/90kt2bxb,,,Zukertort Opening: Ware Defense
https://lichess.org/4wl32dy1,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/qkahvvv2,,,King's Pawn Game: King's Head Opening #2
https://lichess.org/o72xog1b,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/fnldk6n9,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/77zp6h8i,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/7zp4jo43,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/wwtpfijh,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/goyokck9,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/razcnvkk,,,French Defense: Mediterranean Defense
https://lichess.org/tfo5oa1h,,,French Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/nufrp7ml,,,Alekhine Defense: Two Pawn Attack
https://lichess.org/bpumi6dg,,,Kadas Opening
https://lichess.org/1o2gucid,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/sbwpquxw,,,Philidor Defense #4
https://lichess.org/075ecr8u,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/8jfb94dz,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/lkq0hwqy,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/n7dc2668,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/zq5wq9io,,,Alekhine Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/v7n24lck,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/a9abk79q,,,Slav Defense: Slav Gambit, Alekhine Attack
https://lichess.org/us4yas9q,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/mi09oa5f,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/gfnmq2om,,,King's Pawn Game: Tayler Opening
https://lichess.org/9xe1yk8u,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/yzxfbies,,,Kadas Opening
https://lichess.org/s6d84zc6,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/03o4q14p,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/x77i4hfd,,,Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/cg9j271k,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/v338qgmv,,,Zukertort Opening: Ware Defense
https://lichess.org/kjnona0h,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/owgiro18,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/coynyta8,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/jefos1li,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/myyq8rhl,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen Variation
https://lichess.org/xf4irfml,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/067t5y2d,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/vdqikmmf,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/lylc54z3,,,King's Pawn Game: Mengarini's Opening
https://lichess.org/lsgq861d,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/6scc9ync,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/fsrf6nsa,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/g7nvimtu,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/vmvbh5bj,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/7tub9p4q,,,King's Pawn Game: Macleod Attack
https://lichess.org/kvhhgsmo,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense
https://lichess.org/ho5qnle7,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/311nccy3,,,Pirc Defense
https://lichess.org/phvfoobo,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/92l0h23r,,,King's Gambit, Falkbeer Countergambit, Staunton Line
https://lichess.org/2ikpedv3,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation, Linksspringer Variation
https://lichess.org/kpftpsr3,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/wm2w5on2,,,Sicilian Defense: Open #3
https://lichess.org/uwob3ads,,,Four Knights Game: Double Spanish
https://lichess.org/ng22j44g,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/cwhpewal,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/f9nw5gqs,,,Petrov's Defense
https://lichess.org/2a0cjbjk,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/n9vep6sk,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/w3zm4jr8,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/jygun45g,,,Torre Attack
https://lichess.org/pl4cucqo,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/6urh27lq,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/fsgis3gr,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/3k6eqlep,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/r9j5uyh1,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/dp62k09z,,,Sicilian Defense: Loewenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/tbgr2ede,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/d176mehc,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/0k5x30y3,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/o5h0gepu,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/lh7rpvjr,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/sqs6onox,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/3fzo863l,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/q1g2g24r,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/u30d2wyx,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/6fv092n1,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Mikenas Variation
https://lichess.org/219hx5xu,,,Mikenas Defense
https://lichess.org/se6wlwsf,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/xio6bif3,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/20qm13y4,,,Four Knights Game: Gunsberg Variation
https://lichess.org/ursxzune,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/pl519ih7,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/mqfv47k1,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/iuvweqid,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/4mos6r78,,,Center Game: Paulsen Attack Variation
https://lichess.org/nqvvy39g,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit Accepted, Scheveningen Formation
https://lichess.org/xjjz2row,,,St. George Defense
