https://lichess.org/x0ldmjah,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/5frnkmcu,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/d3drh2mz,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/jtp3nwox,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/p9vq9w18,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/ejo0xgdq,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/7qugp77w,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Modern Variation
https://lichess.org/8h2w6kjr,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/0iapaq4b,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/nz18yup7,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/jhgla142,,,Hungarian Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/0ck8gccy,,,Dutch Defense: Raphael Variation
https://lichess.org/kdtyj4kq,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/lb92b116,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/s4cbtovh,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/4e5y4hak,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/6hjlqw6o,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/r2mj0pw2,,,French Defense: Queen's Knight
https://lichess.org/yhgy63ov,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/d3izw2bf,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/abto80db,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/iditnjbl,,,Center Game: Kieseritzky Variation #4
https://lichess.org/bhjisefs,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/azz6aib6,,,Hungarian Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/g9xugxqs,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/kybtl0gc,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/hn48lazo,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Stamma Gambit
https://lichess.org/5f1ivmex,,,Sicilian Defense: Nimzowitsch Variation, Closed Variation
https://lichess.org/uf76ds62,,,Petrov's Defense
https://lichess.org/qecgroht,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/zcsd96vq,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/ifhwyfpk,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/r86uzl6y,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/ga0nc6ik,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/uaoznhxs,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation, Central Variation
https://lichess.org/zizw0tt5,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/lnzg7yk5,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Knight Attack
https://lichess.org/kuu7grbt,,,Petrov's Defense #2
https://lichess.org/4v24l8r2,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/0xd2egfm,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Veresov Attack, Anti-Veresov
https://lichess.org/tcpatoe6,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/maixwaa8,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/pxnh0vmb,,,King's Indian Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/l8okgyha,,,Hippopotamus Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ioajf3wu,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation
https://lichess.org/yh48vtex,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/n4bchq6v,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Krause Variation
https://lichess.org/jex0epue,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Fischer Defense
https://lichess.org/yu7n66xa,,,Amazon Attack: Siberian Attack
https://lichess.org/6lzz4pm8,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/7paidxgs,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/6wnhwmlu,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/ecwdnqcn,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/odqx6ezd,,,Slav Defense: Chameleon Variation
https://lichess.org/hkf7mt21,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/ef76dorr,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/3frmqnsz,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/jmcuo4z4,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/9kltlpm9,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Schallopp Defense
https://lichess.org/vseoocw1,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/gzqr5ona,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/55qniai8,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/48o4xpn0,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/t6p39hzv,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/gpvtbjev,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/zuj5oipl,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/l92m3wb7,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/osgcz2lh,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/on8jdk7n,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/nl3p2nrf,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/r741gr20,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/q4bjuei4,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack, Kiddie Countergambit
https://lichess.org/lu45tjma,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/iq8cw1p2,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/o87fi834,,,Scotch Game: Goering Gambit, Main Line
https://lichess.org/879i2i0y,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/qdjxwsbj,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/nk5cqzms,,,Duras Gambit
https://lichess.org/9vqlw1qe,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/076hwbo4,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/kre8wchx,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/qw8i4lfe,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Euwe Variation
https://lichess.org/ulrc5r3v,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/xyzf4pag,,,Modern Defense: Standard Defense
https://lichess.org/7ow21x1k,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/nxjbbrkp,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/w2htecg0,,,King's Gambit, Falkbeer Countergambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/p3wgvx4q,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/p7kipkvx,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/9p0g8cmw,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/35vsb2tq,,,King's Pawn Game: Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/er9fienh,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/zk0z3hc5,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/hs6j9ftx,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/yq7wdvy2,,,Barnes Defense
https://lichess.org/cfx0atdz,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/hlktaopo,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/r5yngraa,,,Nimzowitsch Defense, Declined Variation
https://lichess.org/x6f664w6,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/cb80vrz9,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
