https://lichess.org/hxz45678,,,Indian Game: Budapest Defense
https://lichess.org/c6hqsoii,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/r1ni778d,,,Vienna Game: Max Lange Defense
https://lichess.org/w0a7kqph,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/2e4jmcsw,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/t3pfg2sh,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/qo961w0m,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/k29w6e2b,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/zazlfs1j,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/erf206bt,,,Scotch Game: Scotch Gambit
https://lichess.org/uu9bj1da,,,Franco-Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/6qt0pq49,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/jqa5ti5w,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Orthodox Defense
https://lichess.org/p0bcgz3q,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/bl9qhvl9,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense, Beverwijk Variation
https://lichess.org/9n9i21y0,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/lcg54t34,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation Accepted
https://lichess.org/ktpv4zb5,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/68rgj9zk,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/mcd28q4a,,,King's Pawn Opening: 2.b3
https://lichess.org/r400cud2,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Saduleto Variation
https://lichess.org/1z4eyczc,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation, de Smet Gambit
https://lichess.org/7x62ado4,,,Bird Opening: Williams Gambit
https://lichess.org/142yj740,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Krause Variation
https://lichess.org/j5ditl9d,,,Pterodactyl Defense: Eastern, Rhamphorhynchus
https://lichess.org/0puhbkbh,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/014xwwzq,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/qik7i91s,,,Bird Opening: Williams Gambit
https://lichess.org/iw87tlam,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation, Smith-Morra Declined
https://lichess.org/glcw71wc,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/heny49zr,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/o9lpfidx,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/nlaytc5s,,,Ware Defense
https://lichess.org/ucfoqffw,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/4i1jdahf,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/upwp6ei8,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/okj2oggz,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/zphn4iq6,,,Latvian Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/fc9nxdnk,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/gdroovpo,,,Kadas Opening
https://lichess.org/xn9ke43s,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/ev4uby5m,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/d4gantcf,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/ucqm2smt,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/dqitugxr,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/w4szmvji,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/uodhrhtz,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/r4sbo1xm,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/xn7uuxn4,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/x31pe8zl,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/rgy6vj98,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/imceg2do,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/bwt5ugzz,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Orthodox Defense
https://lichess.org/arw3ksyu,,,Budapest Defense: Adler Variation
https://lichess.org/5nkkk8o4,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/7t41a0iq,,,Italian Game: Schilling-Kostic Gambit
https://lichess.org/351f8e4n,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/wurkqjd1,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/635yh76j,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/n37sutu1,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/ahtyxfj0,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Paulsen Attack
https://lichess.org/djxh9ox8,,,Sicilian Defense: Snyder Variation
https://lichess.org/d3g5hfah,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/912lnjmv,,,Italian Game: Schilling-Kostic Gambit
https://lichess.org/yrvt4e4b,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/e9ztjgrk,,,Pirc Defense: Austrian Attack, Weiss Variation
https://lichess.org/leps9uhf,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit
https://lichess.org/xce483r2,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/dsed6i12,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/b0pg5k75,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/e9utnm73,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/qnkua7wx,,,Four Knights Game: Spanish Variation, Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/73thw21n,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/mryq58oo,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/ayd7ct7x,,,Russian Game: Damiano Variation, Kholmov Gambit
https://lichess.org/bmoiuctn,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/jaa7vm09,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/yrfmsy94,,,Queen's Pawn Game: London System
https://lichess.org/5n1zf5eu,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/6wnqj0uk,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/387isiby,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/8dkchap9,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/wamwg4qd,,,Modern Defense: Fianchetto Gambit
https://lichess.org/fcn7c8o0,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/xandd80t,,,Vienna Game
https://lichess.org/46e3gdn5,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Breyer Variation
https://lichess.org/zna0ff59,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/gh4zrc75,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/57w9auw8,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/lxhgtx2z,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/c8288clq,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Knight Attack
https://lichess.org/g6p1kcju,,,Englund Gambit Complex: Stockholm Variation
https://lichess.org/em7s19zt,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/8u8uheic,,,French Defense: Franco-Hiva Gambit I
https://lichess.org/h80bjvn8,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation
https://lichess.org/l6glx28e,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Knight Attack, Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/2e70kjob,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/dmmah1if,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/gdd86i2q,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Breyer Variation
https://lichess.org/4x9tiqcl,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense, Modern Gambit
