https://lichess.org/irg5urx2,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/rejfi64t,,,Nimzowitsch Defense, Declined Variation
https://lichess.org/8bxw6z76,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/akda7kms,,,Scotch Game: Schmidt Variation
https://lichess.org/b5p7gg8a,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/4g3fgm19,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/balz7fvb,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/badht6gw,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #3
https://lichess.org/iaf71rg5,,,Nimzowitsch Defense, Declined Variation
https://lichess.org/hhr11mst,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/rb6itce1,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #3
https://lichess.org/fi0e9wqf,,,English Opening: Symmetrical Variation, Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/az7ofzuy,,,Duras Gambit
https://lichess.org/ducv8rls,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/zaevn78x,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/u4sp3r5n,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/by1zx1mn,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #3
https://lichess.org/af3tz60z,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: El Columpio Defense
https://lichess.org/ssddkqvb,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/19yhxb77,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/pph9dmx6,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/bl8w40re,,,Hungarian Opening: Slav Formation
https://lichess.org/od9ys7xe,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/or4600zr,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/rviy4d0h,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/al3jo46f,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/fw99ib40,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/y2fn17cg,,,Owen Defense: Smith Gambit
https://lichess.org/39lzeic5,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/lcp35xmg,,,Hungarian Opening: Slav Formation
https://lichess.org/hptba2l4,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/u016az1b,,,Gedult's Opening
https://lichess.org/zzyz4cpk,,,Mikenas Defense
https://lichess.org/lftclhwb,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/5yilm4sv,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/c52tvtea,,,Scotch Game: Goering Gambit
https://lichess.org/55sk63xj,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/e0162j7q,,,Owen Defense: Smith Gambit
https://lichess.org/qwrmz25y,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/zp7x5p7p,,,Hungarian Opening: Slav Formation
https://lichess.org/bg6r0vck,,,Zukertort Opening: Queenside Fianchetto Variation
https://lichess.org/nda1lemw,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/6ata4zpc,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/i3qa5rgi,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/9iv8j8od,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation, Greco Gambit, Traditional Line
https://lichess.org/f5tk4isy,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/g03w4z0m,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/1m9xmc95,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/ticefxnc,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/38nct2au,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation, Main Line
https://lichess.org/5f514zwm,,,Sicilian Defense: Marshall Counterattack
https://lichess.org/70p0hkua,,,Petrov's Defense #2
https://lichess.org/edgboh20,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/4b7fh45p,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #3
https://lichess.org/n9l2fe5y,,,Bird Opening: From's Gambit
https://lichess.org/h3x33jaj,,,Mikenas Defense
https://lichess.org/h1yal646,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/gakopkye,,,Trompowsky Attack
https://lichess.org/bz9uxurv,,,Ruy Lopez: Closed Variations, Kholmov Variation
https://lichess.org/zbdu7i52,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation
https://lichess.org/7qe55o0x,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/lcchoqvs,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/dp99i7om,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/mqtvbonp,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/wso8iwsd,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/dhqv0hkb,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/p9i7qspb,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/i7shprh3,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/yxj0b8wj,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/0ljq3sm3,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/w643p1cn,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/b1yxlsfo,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/zao5jv9f,,,Sicilian Defense: Dragon Variation
https://lichess.org/9j87we6e,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: El Columpio Defense
https://lichess.org/bl71dd9m,,,Van Geet Opening
https://lichess.org/c98lzduz,,,Hungarian Opening: Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/dgosv9gz,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/wbxcfxa6,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/jrdi16m6,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/czsr9zp8,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/zeqtobhq,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/6alaqkow,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/0cuy17w5,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/0can8c1x,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/qnwetdur,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/gqmgm443,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/t41o5nfx,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/h5264xn7,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/x15jq24l,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/dsbv82mx,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/xwtozgo8,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/ucbet0p1,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/h8uwe5t0,,,Owen Defense: Smith Gambit
https://lichess.org/16i0ljnk,,,Hungarian Opening: Slav Formation
https://lichess.org/elgcixms,,,Petrov's Defense
https://lichess.org/5t0ep4lp,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/d2g6ys0w,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/l2ftv82z,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/fleuujvt,,,Sicilian Defense: Wing Gambit
https://lichess.org/h0jvddcc,,,Owen Defense
