https://lichess.org/3709j990,,,Kadas Opening
https://lichess.org/a790fq25,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/w5cnfnr8,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/nz64lf3q,,,Russian Game: Damiano Variation
https://lichess.org/uq92zp80,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/lnco87e7,,,Russian Game: Damiano Variation
https://lichess.org/9f5rcapx,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/q2km8ifq,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/4zkag4bj,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/e0fn1d9f,,,Amar Opening
https://lichess.org/7c41qqlk,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/2v4ty1po,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/zeiym7fo,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/pvgd1zfl,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Modern Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/ry2033sp,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/1dgvefk6,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/nxt11u9h,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation
https://lichess.org/f85nmof0,,,Italian Game: Schilling-Kostic Gambit
https://lichess.org/xp3dgjd5,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
https://lichess.org/1vb80t7p,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/c6z44zp6,,,Hippopotamus Defense #2
https://lichess.org/b91vcudr,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/s0vv76ao,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/468daes2,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/aulsifn7,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/6ztbu7nr,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/efoxbwow,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/llrtfn2j,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/74dcdbq5,,,Colle System #2
https://lichess.org/yrmizqh8,,,Gruenfeld Defense: Exchange Variation, Modern Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/pgmyb8xj,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Krause Variation
https://lichess.org/j3iag2gv,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/ou3mlj0e,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/2y09vwuy,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit
https://lichess.org/8vwonlqk,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/mkpsjw05,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/5r8hthn2,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/svhn2ljm,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/vp6ao4w3,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/ctwjrvb4,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/176goc5d,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/ickx3o2j,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/gn1j0c8d,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/r37yqvaz,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/g6ys4rnd,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/qivki8wh,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/wrmyoz1z,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/djoa5f83,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/xifhwbrz,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/h19mw6du,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/9kbiyg4y,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/a9htr5lf,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/w680w9id,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation, Gligoric Variation
https://lichess.org/q8y89oi1,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/szc0g8f5,,,Philidor Defense #4
https://lichess.org/beghrkbi,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/j31vzmbe,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation #2
https://lichess.org/g8exii9n,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/bre7115l,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/prwjm6ix,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/macqdul4,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/5mpa3ro9,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/zotu06iy,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Classical, Spassky Variation
https://lichess.org/xgc5lr64,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/40lui2og,,,Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/e66hevts,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/1kxe7qp3,,,Tarrasch Defense: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/dzik3tin,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/zehsmkgm,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
https://lichess.org/ylz28e1m,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Italian Four Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/4jb3pp1s,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/g6mex4cp,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Schallopp Defense
https://lichess.org/xwjacrhw,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/lj2igoe5,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/we19ev6z,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation Accepted
https://lichess.org/uz5zf6xy,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/8fotjl10,,,Modern Defense: Geller's System
https://lichess.org/4vdracgb,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/d9ti0lee,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/5qexyqsf,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/k9okm54f,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/wnpqe2e8,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/scs8fcz5,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Normal Defense
https://lichess.org/osgd11jk,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/x8tb5izl,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
https://lichess.org/lu1hzamv,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/8tlif6f5,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/ksjvndmu,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/3w15n55y,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/6oewew14,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/xy59y3gw,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System, Gruenfeld Formation
https://lichess.org/3skwrheb,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/56hgzrdo,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
https://lichess.org/9b2n1nfu,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/sztf71dn,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/on0vczqh,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/4fzg2tn5,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/8s81g9nq,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/9jp1j6ms,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/fwqva45y,,,Bird Opening
