https://lichess.org/vsf22bct,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/v05w1zps,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/z2g7nyjz,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/armmptz9,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/753841yg,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/4dljx0a9,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/94fgxlz7,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/u5ecrhze,,,Dutch Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/vcsprbrz,,,Four Knights Game: Spanish Variation
https://lichess.org/41i9od5u,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/1jezih4k,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/d70yred5,,,Bishop's Opening: Calabrese Countergambit
https://lichess.org/nfh07kpn,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/cfq3l6yb,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/d5udmt71,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/06e6hd4t,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/r497un42,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/2gb1gcx8,,,Slav Defense: Quiet Variation, Schallopp Defense
https://lichess.org/6wg46qw2,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/nlyxjmjx,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/wjqgyhso,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/pyadc3n1,,,Pirc Defense
https://lichess.org/nc7tbkpb,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: 4.Bg5 Be7
https://lichess.org/hhzoxhtl,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/im3hg1oi,,,Nimzowitsch Defense, Declined Variation
https://lichess.org/sbufit23,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/043n2gcx,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/oqx6nccg,,,Slav Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/hpkrvtlu,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/dnqhumvr,,,Slav Defense: Modern Line
https://lichess.org/41xi9b07,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/lukvpzvm,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/onia2y4f,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/wxvchvuh,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/q78y4y04,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/wtb125lt,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/j4rcgcve,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/dbqkya37,,,Englund Gambit Complex: Soller Gambit
https://lichess.org/zvc5tbnf,,,Ruy Lopez: Marshall Attack
https://lichess.org/y5mg38yt,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/hiir2kll,,,Zukertort Opening: Pirc Invitation
https://lichess.org/2wc1vann,,,Vienna Game: Stanley Variation
https://lichess.org/nobjthhn,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/rd51ax6d,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni-Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/9th5gl1v,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/jerqi5kk,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/bvoyprk0,,,Mikenas Defense
https://lichess.org/sbxp3mct,,,English Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/dyty2ymh,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/eapnjr89,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/lw74o52x,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/qw9sgn2w,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Fischer Defense
https://lichess.org/tasuy3y4,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/wlx4obja,,,Sicilian Defense: Canal-Sokolsky Attack
https://lichess.org/1895s2nb,,,Four Knights Game: Spanish Variation, Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/ah0zl8pb,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/s0d8bkvx,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/jjv94y9r,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/l6rjnpvz,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/0jhr5zhc,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Italian Four Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/fuohuhd4,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/1b4o2ud2,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/vmna6itw,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/zrwms3fs,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Ryder Gambit
https://lichess.org/c2f2i6tu,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/r3f86pr6,,,Ruy Lopez: Bird Variation
https://lichess.org/0yj01jyc,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation, Monte Carlo Variation
https://lichess.org/qv5x6dj5,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/hb2agh6x,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Schallopp Defense
https://lichess.org/5qsf23av,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/cnd5r3sq,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/zp7mvv7i,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/7uhz00xp,,,Scandinavian Defense: Gubinsky-Melts Defense
https://lichess.org/itjg3w3t,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/2tgwfugf,,,Sicilian Defense: Hyperaccelerated Dragon
https://lichess.org/ebent2of,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/x19zuorf,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/7c5twz04,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: 4.Bg5 Be7
https://lichess.org/drj8igtp,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/e3ncdy5b,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/h8snx0dk,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Modern Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/dsymgmmf,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/v4nhgylz,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Krause Variation
https://lichess.org/qei7iayy,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/6nt0b44c,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/wr1n1mo2,,,Old Benoni Defense #2
https://lichess.org/i4opxtwy,,,Sicilian Defense: Modern Variations, Main Line
https://lichess.org/5xs2cac5,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Pseudo-Spanish Variation
https://lichess.org/73ko8ybr,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/3m8r2pr4,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/0lzw2wlo,,,Hungarian Opening: Reversed Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/wvavy083,,,Kadas Opening
https://lichess.org/963r9bav,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/dhsmmdsg,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/vp0n8jic,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/p6z5qo9q,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/2uti72pl,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation #2
https://lichess.org/e3o1shev,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/rlckpw4b,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation Accepted
https://lichess.org/3woiaxr9,,,Philidor Defense
