https://lichess.org/dsywd2hs,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Krause Variation
https://lichess.org/82qugz57,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/gp1a3zmv,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/igow2jky,,,Alekhine Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/hbdxb11p,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/i9zn263j,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/77zqmcjc,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/akjfu730,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/o12of6nq,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/xusxs9ml,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/wcy9gxaf,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/nn2jxpyx,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/pjjmw2vd,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/9z6us0w2,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Scandinavian Variation, Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/sjosui4l,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/0dh262ud,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/9smvzslx,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/85fc025l,,,Van Geet Opening: Battambang Variation
https://lichess.org/wwgengli,,,King's Indian Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/t9tb2zvk,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/7px7ny08,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/5y2jxk76,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation, Albin Gambit
https://lichess.org/fi2c0ux2,,,Pirc Defense: Kholmov System
https://lichess.org/flb2ehl1,,,Hungarian Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/anqb27q7,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/td21at5z,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/j6uu7ezr,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/p62lb2jr,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/a77xfqiq,,,Hungarian Opening: Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/i4uoylkb,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/rpnny2ab,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
https://lichess.org/fas16grr,,,Scandinavian Defense: Icelandic-Palme Gambit
https://lichess.org/sw5dxdoa,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/66fbv1np,,,Russian Game: Classical Attack
https://lichess.org/rcv5445e,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/rufk2872,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Ryder Gambit
https://lichess.org/g6uo60t2,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/3oi2v5dw,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/wi5qpn5g,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/gjaaxd40,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/cgbf9lfm,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/v28u3eu1,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/v8zwrwsz,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/ud5smuu2,,,Center Game
https://lichess.org/htlctt88,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/snnvv71u,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/mglr4yq6,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/gfyfjgkx,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/eot5ofa7,,,Benoni Defense: Old Benoni
https://lichess.org/s7mo9zut,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/yggugp1b,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/iaerxcbb,,,French Defense: Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/7i8471gv,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/m4o04du1,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/4fml3zi2,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/lddx1c5x,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/7zyfrlo0,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/jm051b8m,,,Canard Opening
https://lichess.org/kvn4jz7k,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/ch1q02rx,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/yrv9nii3,,,Benoni Defense: Old Benoni
https://lichess.org/24mbugt0,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/xtibzlx7,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/8ohesywo,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/kvgzvgwz,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/kamua2ta,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/jmihzpkr,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/94w2kb3k,,,English Opening: Carls-Bremen System
https://lichess.org/6wt6ut1j,,,Sicilian Defense #2
https://lichess.org/rvkpbuts,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/5g7uqh7z,,,Scandinavian Defense: Panov Transfer
https://lichess.org/rac5pvom,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/ik8m2rh7,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/jxgw9z97,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/ygd6zw3a,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/40b5puno,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/nne5w6b0,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/1jo4gg4c,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/l3pjhyg9,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/qdfulfuy,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/j9a5gdwq,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/3bj2jiop,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/avpe09qk,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/8uw0c4iv,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/x3mk2n1h,,,Benoni Defense: Old Benoni
https://lichess.org/eyt52i19,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/i2ioj7fl,,,King's Pawn Opening: 2.b3
https://lichess.org/e972haj7,,,Pirc Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/4nrale1d,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit
https://lichess.org/6jspg3xm,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/a05vso45,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/ee5zvzcs,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/gbhp70by,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/azd6d4pp,,,Petrov's Defense
https://lichess.org/2iyqi9uq,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation, Monte Carlo Variation
https://lichess.org/3u00srxg,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/v6pdbe5r,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/zdjypo8g,,,Vienna Game
https://lichess.org/rawbfgoc,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/mmuhb7xz,,,Queen's Pawn
