https://lichess.org/8iz0c5hn,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/34tgze4b,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/1qb8hmbg,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/h2gywy56,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/cp50rww9,,,French Defense: Winawer Variation, Fingerslip Variation
https://lichess.org/yho7u9sx,,,Petrov's Defense
https://lichess.org/vveck95w,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/rozcwuaz,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ew8x6th7,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/yxq8lsr2,,,French Defense: Winawer Variation, Positional Variation
https://lichess.org/f06bb9mm,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/x54tsn8q,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/llvwc8y1,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/87d1y1sr,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation, Grob Attack
https://lichess.org/0eajonop,,,Vienna Game: Mengarini Variation
https://lichess.org/u0w15fdh,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/hmqsrkf3,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #4
https://lichess.org/9fzy9iem,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/66pqib54,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/7pn7xbw4,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/x4wwyj8o,,,Sicilian Defense: Accelerated Dragon, Maroczy Bind
https://lichess.org/atnfr58z,,,Modern Defense: Pseudo-Austrian Attack
https://lichess.org/4ezxevod,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/yqo593bu,,,Ruy Lopez: Bird Variation
https://lichess.org/g47jko1p,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/98p3x6c4,,,Kadas Opening
https://lichess.org/u5bi5c1k,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/ojowfbx3,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/jiqiwujk,,,Colle System: Traditional Colle
https://lichess.org/lfcna735,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation, Lutikov Variation
https://lichess.org/25c6xhkt,,,King's Indian Defense: Four Pawns Attack
https://lichess.org/4ir21668,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/fc587gi6,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/fxip3ko8,,,Scandinavian Defense: Gubinsky-Melts Defense
https://lichess.org/oqb004ik,,,King's Pawn Game: Beyer Gambit
https://lichess.org/xllae0gl,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/mgqgvi0m,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/t22cyoof,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/pwocy2yo,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/dkczstmq,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Slav Gambit
https://lichess.org/0uz6p5cx,,,Modern Defense: Standard Defense
https://lichess.org/ln2c1umd,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/5l2lrchd,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation, Gligoric Variation
https://lichess.org/xyxw4qx6,,,Hungarian Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/azj59eko,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/dvghjqxz,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/w3iq37is,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/ji87tvx1,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/mbf8di0g,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/05tftkw6,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/97zdiyru,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/mffksk7s,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/jwiosuul,,,Sicilian Defense: Nimzowitsch Variation, Closed Variation
https://lichess.org/hl81ye2i,,,King's Indian Attack: Yugoslav Variation
https://lichess.org/nfzpfmhl,,,Alekhine Defense #2
https://lichess.org/al67o7ez,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/a6ns9t6r,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/xqmp459v,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/uruux0ui,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/lx7n33wm,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/1v6lc1eu,,,Scandinavian Defense: Icelandic-Palme Gambit
https://lichess.org/634rkdv9,,,Petrov's Defense
https://lichess.org/wbc6dt79,,,Modern Defense: Geller's System
https://lichess.org/m03ryote,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/kgzdxtd4,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/vzu8xmob,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/qef0a7yp,,,Benoni Defense: Hromadka System
https://lichess.org/v0axi4jv,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation, Zukertort Gambit
https://lichess.org/52k667vo,,,Ruy Lopez: Bird Variation
https://lichess.org/2kwnne49,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/ldwppgne,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/8we604ir,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/ybw2uc0k,,,Englund Gambit Complex: Hartlaub-Charlick Gambit
https://lichess.org/8raj8hnq,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/x3gpv6y5,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/btvxbp4p,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/j9h2kbvn,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/5s2wn5cu,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/rqomax2x,,,Four Knights Game: Double Spanish
https://lichess.org/godn1ppp,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/0mlto5xe,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Bronstein-Larsen Variation
https://lichess.org/fy8l96qk,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/zittu1gv,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/el5jk4nn,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/xyhocixq,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/6dketr2b,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/cycih10x,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/7f04x74i,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/1akhkn84,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/ny4k4cog,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense
https://lichess.org/8ks5u4lr,,,French Defense: Winawer Variation, Bogoljubov Variation
https://lichess.org/tggysmsh,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/mw77f77q,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/381jqrak,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/p4xndkbw,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/5lnjdisp,,,Trompowsky Attack: Classical Defense
https://lichess.org/b8dxipi1,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/8busw9hn,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/ojpwrp3c,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation, Zukertort Gambit
https://lichess.org/nnylsl2c,,,Caro-Kann Defense
