https://lichess.org/08h4y6uq,,,King's Pawn Game: Maroczy Defense
https://lichess.org/dpquw7j5,,,Colle System #2
https://lichess.org/d2awqiu4,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Modern Variation, Normal Line
https://lichess.org/hdzfef7r,,,Zukertort Opening: Kingside Fianchetto
https://lichess.org/wccl0zvb,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/zszusaqb,,,Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/uc4exiso,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Normal Defense
https://lichess.org/00udsj89,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/kmtcd7bk,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/0lievlxx,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Caro Variation
https://lichess.org/kmbveodw,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/anztuc4u,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/h53ilap4,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/054u3tiv,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/k9testy7,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/t2hvohd0,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/kn7gcx97,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/qaawc386,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/el009o4g,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/k47pwzwc,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Lasker Defense
https://lichess.org/jfqzw3nj,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/rig2a6xg,,,King's Pawn Game: Maroczy Defense
https://lichess.org/e1oa4woa,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/tt0m1lwd,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/ap8ay3xe,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/qp5a0jgn,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/38tac100,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Modern Variation, Normal Line
https://lichess.org/325dfflw,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/85ntab9p,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/e2mfiz1f,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation
https://lichess.org/1x0xde9r,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/wixdt0vu,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation Accepted
https://lichess.org/gv3zrx6d,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/sjj1xke0,,,Trompowsky Attack
https://lichess.org/e0oef63p,,,Center Game
https://lichess.org/9w910b0g,,,Sicilian Defense: O'Kelly Variation
https://lichess.org/w8j8iggv,,,Four Knights Game
https://lichess.org/gajkwixg,,,Slav Defense: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/zogptna1,,,Ponziani Opening: Jaenisch Counterattack
https://lichess.org/tec1lf0p,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
https://lichess.org/eanwp0r1,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Cunningham Defense
https://lichess.org/3dtzsaip,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/b10q70h4,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/lgv7zozw,,,Zukertort Opening: Reversed Mexican Defense
https://lichess.org/zk7d8paf,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/88d7xr3d,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/bkgbpkrc,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/2tuvxun1,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/oz2r21ew,,,Englund Gambit Complex: Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/gkb9scf1,,,Bishop's Opening: Philidor Counterattack
https://lichess.org/t2bc04ia,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/w05sf0yu,,,Scotch Game #3
https://lichess.org/ywk9j1yh,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/x058erd4,,,Benoni Defense: Old Benoni
https://lichess.org/fk82lh4r,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: El Columpio Defense
https://lichess.org/et3ofytb,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/1neqq411,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/tijlvxqg,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/kngquuzi,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/r5q4drj6,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/f0095wtp,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/vgtkd3ch,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Janowski Variation
https://lichess.org/jl3m9wm3,,,Modern Defense: Two Knights Variation, Suttles Variation
https://lichess.org/bivzx27d,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/y39ft8gk,,,King's Gambit Declined, Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/8likb7de,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/xs5dm1f8,,,Philidor Defense #4
https://lichess.org/avooz6d7,,,Scandinavian Defense: Boehnke Gambit
https://lichess.org/tq81m376,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/7z9yifsh,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/5paxj2vr,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/of10t50v,,,Scotch Game: Goering Gambit
https://lichess.org/ca6pz40l,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/qod7z2w9,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/37ad7ifb,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/1jwz84vd,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/338rn4g9,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, de Riviere Gambit
https://lichess.org/p6g9yyx9,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/dlwwa0ah,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/cqzjuudz,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #2
https://lichess.org/8tdv96yn,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/dgt75ujw,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/dhtop9vp,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/w3k3eyvt,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Scandinavian Variation, Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/xbrmfwvg,,,King's Pawn Game: Maroczy Defense
https://lichess.org/9k7olp2v,,,Modern Defense: Pseudo-Austrian Attack
https://lichess.org/9p6b02xn,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Anti-Torre
https://lichess.org/04wez6ur,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/q90vxoph,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/9zz7zcol,,,Yusupov-Rubinstein System
https://lichess.org/h1ck0w30,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/5a6g1bld,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Polerio Defense
https://lichess.org/udbl2d0k,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/18eo1cpd,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/uc3plk5d,,,Sicilian Defense: Kalashnikov Variation
https://lichess.org/wm5kyted,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Modern Variation
https://lichess.org/74smrrwx,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/400xrglb,,,Sicilian Defense: Buecker Variation
https://lichess.org/g9858lqf,,,Petrov's Defense
https://lichess.org/3sh77lk9,,,Queen's Pawn
