https://lichess.org/k3kzstr8,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Cunningham Defense, Bertin Gambit
https://lichess.org/fng3j6cs,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Modern Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/931q234w,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/gteo17yf,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/62v600k5,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/a3nphe5p,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense #3
https://lichess.org/t2d5qy4i,,,Modern Defense: Standard Defense
https://lichess.org/7stfl4yu,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/1glyuo5j,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/kw12xiy4,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Piano, Greco's Attack
https://lichess.org/a1xd4qtd,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Semi-Tarrasch Defense
https://lichess.org/4gnukdhk,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation, Bayonet Attack
https://lichess.org/hs06vslz,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/9xavgzz0,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/n5hautsv,,,Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/ncwtg3fk,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/431l4r3k,,,Anderssen Opening
https://lichess.org/nvuxki3b,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/h9igm1mc,,,Hungarian Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/nl8vslg6,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/btlbp31v,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/69dolpgh,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/4pjh978w,,,Scotch Game: Goering Gambit, Double Pawn Sacrifice
https://lichess.org/3tk44nwu,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/u0we3p9e,,,Modern Defense: Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/4lx0cbv6,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/9b7nv06o,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation
https://lichess.org/pckya710,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/7oeafvav,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/glfxs7t1,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/mn4b1bkf,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/wcgfoabw,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/l0wbadcv,,,Mikenas Defense
https://lichess.org/oqmebegg,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/ly6o917v,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/rbodbgc7,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/287nsnta,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/bepz87qr,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/hodkm4tn,,,Modern Defense: Mongredien Defense #2
https://lichess.org/g0lvtlh5,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/7w8wp9le,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense
https://lichess.org/15ly8wpg,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/q63m6yk5,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/2jhf6wfa,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/6d33l3cr,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/87tvtse5,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/g2o9fbsp,,,Italian Game: Hungarian Defense
https://lichess.org/omu485a4,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/o4erpni2,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/9ex0dosv,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation, Traditional
https://lichess.org/xwytp67u,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/is2r9ad5,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/jivyx6n2,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/6rkcxb6w,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/j5he29ed,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/448oficb,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/if35aq9f,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/2eexeu44,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/8bxxoo1f,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/z68ksj05,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/jala3p80,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation
https://lichess.org/ubb2rt4e,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/2td7bh50,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/khgmdcsr,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/4ocx36b9,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/wyi2798f,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/qunblbk5,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/ulmf7v49,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/b6jy0191,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/72iqk1lb,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/h6ny16gk,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/gx8i7glr,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/ammbnxmg,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/a1gmcmle,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Bishop's Gambit
https://lichess.org/9yglcl5i,,,Benoni Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/py27atrj,,,Ponziani Opening: Spanish Variation
https://lichess.org/75kzmppc,,,Indian Game: Budapest Defense
https://lichess.org/d9299rr2,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Anti-Torre
https://lichess.org/uaa7qkmz,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/ov996vme,,,Italian Game: Bird's Attack
https://lichess.org/bq7sohvt,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/bmveg9cg,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/qikb3w6r,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/evsg73w1,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/1bst7qtx,,,Vienna Game
https://lichess.org/yrktq7b3,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/5ncki1r0,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/6xzszv3z,,,English Opening: Anglo-Lithuanian Variation
https://lichess.org/nj2nmu87,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/uwhq7cz6,,,Bishop's Opening: Vienna Hybrid, Spielmann Attack
https://lichess.org/qkjrdtns,,,Philidor Defense #4
https://lichess.org/uo2n96d2,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Franco-Nimzowitsch Variation
https://lichess.org/guzudqcp,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/g0j5rai3,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/rhbmynjt,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/9q59459h,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/q65n88sw,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/8sccp0xw,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/kkbwhx1f,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/r6d08hbm,,,King's Gambit Declined, Keene Defense
