https://lichess.org/tzd5hl5n,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/36ab495v,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/2th4n1bs,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/9e627kd8,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/0hj03pxw,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/2786rhll,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/fnf5og7u,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/hjl6571w,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Nimzowitsch System
https://lichess.org/9m7d3u0j,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation, Open
https://lichess.org/ekmm2rdg,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/cvwr2l8d,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit
https://lichess.org/putith05,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/qxy89v9f,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/lp4w9exp,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/91ee6q4e,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/e861vpxz,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/slhkwr98,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/vg5ou32j,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/9vppas0g,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/ltyy2hm3,,,King's Pawn Game: Macleod Attack
https://lichess.org/fqtbmlj9,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/exbkqsz8,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/deceebdp,,,Borg Defense
https://lichess.org/j37tmcve,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/n4lt3lmu,,,Ruy Lopez: Schliemann Defense, Jaenisch Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/08cueg7v,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Tarrasch Variation
https://lichess.org/4zuw1jy1,,,Sicilian Defense: Dragon Variation, Yugoslav Attack, Modern Line
https://lichess.org/2y6m41gm,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/lwn3orv6,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/2esqj9pk,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/yyrtsqwx,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/erbsevqa,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/lqodxsbb,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/igccbs1f,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/f9suinxt,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/oohivg7k,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/sjz9x3s6,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/8zkuy89s,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/yrmcy0ax,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/46s8n7s3,,,Center Game: Kieseritzky Variation #4
https://lichess.org/0qk8o5tv,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/ilxmj2eg,,,Benoni Defense: Modern Variation
https://lichess.org/yo9idlvu,,,Sicilian Defense: Open
https://lichess.org/idekx6cr,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Scandinavian Variation, Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/p8xc3qpk,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/5x84q2w9,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/atn9723y,,,Slav Defense: Alekhine Variation
https://lichess.org/zv926vsq,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/xrvc9pav,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/ipo66ca1,,,Sicilian Defense: Wing Gambit
https://lichess.org/1cjk6bu0,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/vmqzbqpy,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/9ynrokqc,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/qxvrit8c,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/8sgir2rm,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation, Linksspringer Variation
https://lichess.org/cw7inuz9,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Nimzowitsch Gambit
https://lichess.org/ul2aj1ka,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation, Traditional
https://lichess.org/od1oap8o,,,Scotch Game: Scotch Gambit, London Defense
https://lichess.org/ykvqx2ne,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/600ecfno,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/so7pk6er,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: English Variation
https://lichess.org/1aroemb2,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense #2
https://lichess.org/lcaiu5e7,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/xtkqe5os,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/njyd7pki,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/h7qk3unk,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/b0zx014z,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/opvqq2su,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/qs863iqy,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/a2bdkyh2,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/ipogk64s,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense #3
https://lichess.org/279s1tvy,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/qphg24dp,,,King's Pawn Game: King's Head Opening #2
https://lichess.org/doea4tae,,,French Defense: Winawer Variation
https://lichess.org/uutl2vmh,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Traditional Variation
https://lichess.org/fc0kdotq,,,Alekhine Defense: Four Pawns Attack, 6...Nc6
https://lichess.org/pj39rcl1,,,Benoni Defense: King's Pawn Line
https://lichess.org/03vodhlz,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/pzcbuv2t,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/73yne922,,,Italian Game: Schilling-Kostic Gambit
https://lichess.org/zshsbue8,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/ex9khb92,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/rvu0x1z5,,,Slav Defense #3
https://lichess.org/i8c583qp,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Fried Liver Attack
https://lichess.org/z7aiba01,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/mp8ufshm,,,Danish Gambit Accepted, Copenhagen Defense
https://lichess.org/bwmql852,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Krause Variation
https://lichess.org/b73kezvf,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/xsuuxhq7,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/h1v0i0d9,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/gl9vajgi,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/9onq6dsc,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/ex9a01qx,,,Goldsmith Defense
https://lichess.org/7tfjb2h3,,,Slav Defense: Modern Line
https://lichess.org/0235fone,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/pjy0grzr,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/h19w82pl,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/8nas2oa9,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/ot5qnx4j,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Panov Attack, Fianchetto Defense
https://lichess.org/gilcxiwn,,,King's Knight Opening
