https://lichess.org/h3mx8nrf,,,Indian Game: Anti-Nimzo-Indian
https://lichess.org/eff2kr4j,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/sclu5rk3,,,Danish Gambit Accepted, Chigorin Defense
https://lichess.org/4dhp8wf0,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/94x2bhwl,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/v4cvrfta,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/aemog5wg,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/2aonjueo,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Central Variation, McDonnell Defense
https://lichess.org/l6ndirat,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/jsp1wjr9,,,Pirc Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/m8nvphlo,,,Hungarian Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/8yb3iogk,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Bishop's Gambit
https://lichess.org/btcnr5e9,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/gvp12gjm,,,Ware Defense
https://lichess.org/36tankfx,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/fhyyeuek,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/7dppukmf,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/mo9kxek4,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/n68r3zhp,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/l2lx8c7n,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/efgg46iv,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/q5m4s9vi,,,Owen Defense: Smith Gambit
https://lichess.org/49ndafr9,,,Yusupov-Rubinstein System
https://lichess.org/nvk2apkv,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/rs8zi4v4,,,Queen's Pawn Game: London System
https://lichess.org/7r7mksfh,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/orl6fntx,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/ts4lnwa5,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/4n4r1mnl,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/ghhul4h5,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/ita7p005,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/e8rnf535,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/4kkdn2qe,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/82pe35a7,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/4q6nuh5o,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/z46byjqd,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/bnov3gs5,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/br422nlq,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/3qoi68h8,,,Queen's Gambit
https://lichess.org/rauvrelv,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/y6rzfr92,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/dlivsd00,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/647oruba,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/gtvvkoex,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/4s4icz4a,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/nu22zk41,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/ear02dne,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/i14hrqgv,,,Ruy Lopez: Bird Variation
https://lichess.org/7c4venwz,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Bishop's Gambit
https://lichess.org/18begw8e,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation, Noa Gambit
https://lichess.org/qrgy6sue,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/mbe7fnem,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/314w0zcs,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Indian Variation
https://lichess.org/l1n3qwqk,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/luw3ntxm,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/o0i8zsv2,,,Colle System #2
https://lichess.org/1l0hos47,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/orfuyi4k,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/7i12msp2,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/azawpcwn,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/wlh991ee,,,Bishop's Opening: Ponziani Gambit
https://lichess.org/ytriwmwv,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/v0q4xdus,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/nn5yz85g,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/nazo33io,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/e1wdblqd,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/y3azmh30,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation Accepted
https://lichess.org/boeth0ir,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/8pvgjd3a,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/uu0u4819,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/qdv8gsgk,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/hgi4bqet,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/cctpqjn9,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/cez76x71,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/bueeke79,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/qobo8j3x,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/sglj63ms,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Classical Variation, Main Line
https://lichess.org/fo9xbh5c,,,Sicilian Defense: Wing Gambit
https://lichess.org/i3klbv2m,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/potsjpfe,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Cunningham Defense
https://lichess.org/3nidg14b,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/akfrc54c,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/vlj3on7j,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/w6lqssod,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/h4mbcz35,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/fhvme3yx,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/7pn7p2rj,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/vrv0ugmm,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #4
https://lichess.org/fgfzhz1f,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/ra67fm79,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/op2a5qae,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense
https://lichess.org/vdvwzyn0,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Ragozin Variation
https://lichess.org/w26ketw1,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/myvrhv4q,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/abe4pbdj,,,Van Geet Opening
https://lichess.org/6bhwgqgs,,,Sicilian Defense #2
https://lichess.org/c9p3kc0g,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/lca2m4kq,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense, Improved Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/oapj5t3l,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/1bqhrdi8,,,Danish Gambit Declined, Sorensen Defense
