https://lichess.org/ibdff7tg,,,Budapest Defense: Adler Variation
https://lichess.org/j1zkv6ff,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/boa3il6t,,,Polish Defense
https://lichess.org/n0y9v60z,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/q2d2ywdq,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/zum2plfp,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/rbv6mehk,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/v6rwj0gw,,,Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/72a58nr5,,,Van Geet Opening
https://lichess.org/hrormcoo,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/xxoyfdnd,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/z17qs0xh,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/9bp1t5is,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Paulsen Attack
https://lichess.org/dwylw6z2,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/orwe3xt5,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/5j9jbshh,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/69xkido2,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/od9j7w7o,,,Four Knights Game: Gunsberg Variation
https://lichess.org/abw6jtbc,,,Slav Defense: Modern Line
https://lichess.org/7whlffp8,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/9oljjeds,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/rxip8n3q,,,King's Gambit Declined, Mafia Defense
https://lichess.org/t2kevbq6,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/nwzg6eqh,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/r0rrs6w7,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/6v9w7oty,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/fvq6u6t0,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/u9mseuvh,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Cunningham Defense
https://lichess.org/ar9wn3a8,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/lzh4hjq7,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Barmen Variation
https://lichess.org/chq9saoo,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/o2qjtjca,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/suijbxz2,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Tarrasch Variation
https://lichess.org/3jy9ygo0,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/qqj13uhu,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/y8n06xi5,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/muewpagp,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/erffd5sg,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/xs06pf49,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/xtpjoeze,,,Dutch Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/w3trydf7,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/ec9f72qo,,,St. George Defense: Polish Variation
https://lichess.org/tf7uoifo,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/l4t369tn,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/uasq14mx,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Normal Defense
https://lichess.org/q5ueor7a,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation, Lutikov Variation
https://lichess.org/uue3b12h,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/2z3mmu0q,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/0ve6uoaf,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/brisq5er,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/ixkb7ga7,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/n0320iy2,,,French Defense: MacCutcheon Variation, Tartakower Variation
https://lichess.org/7hnpzy15,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/9tccvb1w,,,Indian Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/l5wj0nty,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/ycw401yg,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/g1gjpupc,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/minz3gg4,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/zvjk4s06,,,Scotch Game: Lolli Variation
https://lichess.org/mj2b8cl7,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Carrera Gambit
https://lichess.org/dzf9hh6d,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/jmch17nx,,,English Opening: Great Snake Variation
https://lichess.org/q2jyn2c3,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/a08hu3sk,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/bee5g504,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/f5ekxrf6,,,Sicilian Defense: Loewenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/9mlc47tn,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/2kucaa6v,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/gnbb4j6c,,,Sicilian Defense: Hyperaccelerated Dragon
https://lichess.org/3uk6xtts,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/i1oeuscu,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/x18gzhfs,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit Declined, Center Formation
https://lichess.org/wm09oc15,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/wh36h6ol,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Accelerated Mannheim Variation
https://lichess.org/9sfnvtzk,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/4c06i98m,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/dvjz6mcz,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/dxf1jyzh,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Accelerated Meran Variation
https://lichess.org/5ojn0xpx,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/zvqq5lcv,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/eild2pts,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/jt8diupa,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/1ccslxse,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/5bji3hs7,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense #3
https://lichess.org/4ki3gfai,,,Benoni Defense: Modern Variation, Snake Variation
https://lichess.org/2znhbuj3,,,Dutch Defense: Hopton Attack
https://lichess.org/3nh052sj,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/ta99nxum,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/f4rwtkre,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/ksqornnq,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/o9tc7q3d,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System
https://lichess.org/ogvsyqxi,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/vxeuta0m,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/7pgr3g9d,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/bd9radf6,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/u8s5vp7l,,,Modern Defense: Wind Gambit
https://lichess.org/2nrs6c16,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/18bgx7ha,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/ctnttjzi,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/1hntxz1c,,,Vienna Game: Stanley Variation
