https://lichess.org/hx299z52,,,Center Game: Hall Variation
https://lichess.org/nc2bj3az,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/9ex2kxzd,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/oi2gg8u1,,,Bird Opening: From's Gambit
https://lichess.org/efu5yn8h,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/o2la5kda,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Lolli Attack
https://lichess.org/iopack6g,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/yc4taqv3,,,Indian Game: Anti-Nimzo-Indian
https://lichess.org/okpn8kaw,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/3qehbjat,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/k60jpqnd,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/bj8lpbhd,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
https://lichess.org/1bgcxjwe,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/hp5bjg5k,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/m0vo02lc,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/lqob3ams,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/pvx5wtpx,,,Sicilian Defense: Loewenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/8m2xe5dk,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System
https://lichess.org/olsq97yd,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/6ika3zxi,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/y3n1kute,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/c8mrrbzd,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/oqy4p5ju,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/qtq0kbgp,,,Modern Defense: Mongredien Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ebdiq1l6,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/r7jbhcun,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/pb5u782j,,,Slav Defense #3
https://lichess.org/mtt85nv5,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/lb05gy8d,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/aqtqz564,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/dh054u28,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/vu2d76r1,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/3qn4h3kl,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/cwam3mqa,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/rbejph1a,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/fwqd7wdu,,,Slav Defense #3
https://lichess.org/htvuihuo,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/0o49knta,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/id0us5wh,,,Benoni Defense: Old Benoni
https://lichess.org/p4u2y663,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/1gvdjqsc,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Scandinavian Variation, Exchange Variation, Marshall Gambit
https://lichess.org/g1v6jgsg,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/f06m6mn9,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/lidx8bqw,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/d63izl60,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/5iy2cpyr,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Ragozin Variation
https://lichess.org/3qmofhla,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Modern Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/jcg77yqe,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/qti7vmwh,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/mbqev3pv,,,Dutch Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/0fdb2qv3,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/ac79g3hm,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Knight Attack, Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/lagb7p8y,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/dm8a6wav,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/6zic375a,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/0pmcjlql,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/92nrs7ez,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense #3
https://lichess.org/zqe6mr50,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/xekcxt5j,,,English Opening: Anglo-Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/p1o62nii,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/871cr1v2,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/ixml2c7y,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/bl112rdv,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/dkdx8t1g,,,Sicilian Defense: Hyperaccelerated Dragon
https://lichess.org/7u17lt8b,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/pg27o4ce,,,Colle System
https://lichess.org/xnkwtkwq,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/7ijirbe1,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/bmp0ctsy,,,Trompowsky Attack: Classical Defense
https://lichess.org/t68ghymv,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/2dl38w2b,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/6jn3cvgt,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation, Albin Gambit
https://lichess.org/fvsxorb5,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/pn57phjz,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/o05y519q,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/iksuyegk,,,Philidor Defense #4
https://lichess.org/konjpip8,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/ih0ingyd,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/9yurd9oh,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/v1unar5a,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/oe9rbh7l,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/1txg0d39,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/3kz4wgxz,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/skix6vv6,,,Benoni Defense: Old Benoni
https://lichess.org/w040gep1,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/ddmydjj4,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/jpos1q8i,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/cals1ouq,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/gtipc2m8,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Mikenas Variation
https://lichess.org/yksrrsym,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/gxmqccx7,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Accelerated Move Order
https://lichess.org/ighhz09e,,,Petrov's Defense #2
https://lichess.org/nhiy6u5o,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/uqc3n491,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/yi85bzox,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/yluco0yf,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/fkj0rm1y,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Normal Defense
https://lichess.org/w2y7lk46,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/u1pauqdv,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/3uhv5c99,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
