https://lichess.org/rgyncvyo,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Four Knights Variation, Fianchetto Line
https://lichess.org/jcscxy5u,,,Vienna Game: Mengarini Variation
https://lichess.org/noz33pqt,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/psavcrfb,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/c3hn057c,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense, Improved Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/97qsf12x,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/59j1a9it,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/4hus0xox,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/uuihrsjx,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #4
https://lichess.org/69spd6hb,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation, Fianchetto Variation
https://lichess.org/se7gsxv4,,,Reti Opening #2
https://lichess.org/b4hnct2o,,,Mieses Opening: Reversed Rat
https://lichess.org/xt7wwdry,,,Sicilian Defense: Lasker-Dunne Attack
https://lichess.org/5bjmfk1i,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/kogr9vbt,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/gcmx2dfw,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/mpvy8t38,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/4p85062i,,,Kadas Opening
https://lichess.org/zmz593j4,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/0ybz6y8l,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/bipsrpco,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/6vlbykt9,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/mqirg705,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/r9q34uy4,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/6lx5sby5,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/xiqu81eg,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/b69xmm6p,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/mhkr8ys7,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/yarlosmn,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Fischer Defense
https://lichess.org/pfdw2iqq,,,Indian Game: East Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/vkq1kzuc,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/4llsfpsv,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/1z17v2xb,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Paulsen Attack
https://lichess.org/cej8luav,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Fritz Variation
https://lichess.org/1201btqp,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Panov Attack #2
https://lichess.org/6e0pw48t,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/urws88wt,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/0rwp5mvn,,,Reti Opening
https://lichess.org/a9w37cn2,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: English Variation
https://lichess.org/ewromn56,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Modern Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/lwptqja9,,,Ruy Lopez: Closed Variations, Yates Variation
https://lichess.org/oczqmr7s,,,French Defense: Bird Invitation
https://lichess.org/od0or5z6,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/gbjmvvaz,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/ixk94iyf,,,King's Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/fy72tirb,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/9uxw6uk5,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/w5qmuoht,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #4
https://lichess.org/xmm4j5bw,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: English Variation
https://lichess.org/do6aee21,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/bt7pf3hd,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/frs8g6s3,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/fmscjxla,,,Bishop's Opening: Khan Gambit
https://lichess.org/81deoaen,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/89lxf4pd,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/77nporua,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/7q1vnkmv,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/t7ucy70z,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/rm1qpnrk,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/t1l4xh5x,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/jxr04qdg,,,Zukertort Opening: Reversed Mexican Defense
https://lichess.org/cgyip21i,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/nwfbdgwy,,,Center Game: Paulsen Attack Variation
https://lichess.org/fhw0ngjn,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/hfm0vr2v,,,Zukertort Opening: Kingside Fianchetto
https://lichess.org/4fqvugso,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/jtd6925r,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/rr4g7wsg,,,Goldsmith Defense
https://lichess.org/a9pklmsp,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/q74chy8i,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/n42leyuf,,,Ruy Lopez: Marshall Attack, Modern Main Line
https://lichess.org/i8vri63e,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/zg8yubvz,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/9ufidc8c,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/ot3xz7ld,,,Pirc Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/a3mutll3,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/qjfw23yh,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/qk37cxkj,,,Scandinavian Defense: Boehnke Gambit
https://lichess.org/xyb5960x,,,Mikenas Defense
https://lichess.org/5ag8d399,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Netherlands Variation
https://lichess.org/dny0voog,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/7e1ah4bc,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/7mex57cg,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/a3h5w667,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Fritz Variation
https://lichess.org/v8bfx79t,,,Englund Gambit Complex Declined
https://lichess.org/01gjpkvp,,,King's Pawn Game: Beyer Gambit
https://lichess.org/jkv2d48f,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/sq5re7tk,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/rygke4n6,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #4
https://lichess.org/h3jpggg1,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/8jcktrkj,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #4
https://lichess.org/apoqpfrr,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/e91ymlj5,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/10hfvvdb,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/l1p6tvda,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/v0oa9r8p,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/k9g6ml3y,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/qg9n69ip,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/ukzwtf1y,,,Ruy Lopez: Bird Variation
https://lichess.org/yl7m932s,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
