https://lichess.org/1r6673gz,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/e7gc89dl,,,Bird Opening: From's Gambit
https://lichess.org/gxqffly6,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/a2fha852,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/2rr8yy0b,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack, Kiddie Countergambit
https://lichess.org/gt4sgvoh,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Stamma Gambit
https://lichess.org/v4u51pt2,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Norwegian Variation
https://lichess.org/1gb9pinv,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/13alwor5,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/o7aiuo0z,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/x0q5q76l,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/1y2higd3,,,English Opening: Caro-Kann Defensive System
https://lichess.org/t6mvjw85,,,King's Pawn Game: Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/rwedswrb,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/xxtxm2fn,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/ewgob90m,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/ac2fkjkf,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/j7oh4tsy,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/dr75gqqv,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/hep3tegp,,,King's Gambit Declined, Mafia Defense
https://lichess.org/d9sx4pas,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/1nvjx6ft,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/t6zx4epn,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #4
https://lichess.org/9uz5xb6v,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Stamma Gambit
https://lichess.org/pcu12lu3,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/02bq6bko,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/eed35qob,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/fzhh771a,,,Nimzowitsch Defense, Declined Variation
https://lichess.org/dxrq0e2p,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/vetr2hy3,,,Polish Defense
https://lichess.org/p05rmvfy,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/9w1krdb6,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/vlwednx2,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/po2u4i74,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Austrian Defense
https://lichess.org/4mz7t8mm,,,Indian Game: East Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/w6c06tbu,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/gox7hxoy,,,French Defense: Reti-Spielmann Attack
https://lichess.org/t8s4yecx,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/4kg4j5fu,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/jns3zqyn,,,King's Pawn Game: Macleod Attack
https://lichess.org/5p2q978l,,,Canard Opening
https://lichess.org/e609dhey,,,Sicilian Defense: Lasker-Dunne Attack
https://lichess.org/au8zbfze,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense #3
https://lichess.org/ohzbx183,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/dhult0nl,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/yio2a8d2,,,Vienna Game
https://lichess.org/d19k2siq,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/vd1huxr5,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/zxzgd11f,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/ib4v9t6h,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Paulsen Attack
https://lichess.org/qf8hu56d,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/pjlhwboz,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/8d7gbag0,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/elziw214,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/5d7ilzoi,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Reversed Sicilian
https://lichess.org/z7rq9o17,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/48bvme6p,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/jc9b2ne1,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/yh563h1f,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/rqkdlrif,,,Zukertort Opening: Slav Invitation
https://lichess.org/x43bs5ww,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Austrian Defense
https://lichess.org/d5yokgh4,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/wleu1egr,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/wphbivk8,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Paulsen Attack
https://lichess.org/2dhelqkr,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/ov5qkr39,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Abbazia Defense
https://lichess.org/we5m95cc,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/ndukr8hg,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/sun32e45,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/t0xrkdby,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/rakocfc5,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/q7avlrqg,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/5kbruz43,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/pp20cb1y,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/qdd8p320,,,French Defense: Queen's Knight
https://lichess.org/z0d2gh8z,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/ujkcpmz9,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Abbazia Defense
https://lichess.org/z1h7gleu,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/omjg4mbi,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/ziccn52r,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/tiqw32tr,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
https://lichess.org/3ne9g2mh,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/dgx3u77n,,,Bird Opening: From's Gambit
https://lichess.org/78ztcd33,,,Vienna Game: Zhuravlev Countergambit #2
https://lichess.org/nv1yfy3e,,,French Defense: Reti-Spielmann Attack
https://lichess.org/8udq55i5,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/l2fmbxv7,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/5qfral61,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/4juipzei,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/6m1phphu,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/vn6omuf2,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Scandinavian Variation, Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/cpxky37h,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/89s5d328,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/1d67aosb,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/y7wd15rl,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/g4akoyfw,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/fiqpufui,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Williams Variation
https://lichess.org/3i9i6bvo,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/wk7zqiz3,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Polerio Gambit
https://lichess.org/pbw8re62,,,Pirc Defense #4
