https://lichess.org/4kwbj6co,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/3vga5olx,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/i6w72wml,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Austrian Attack, Salvio Countergambit
https://lichess.org/z0ealsen,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense, Beverwijk Variation
https://lichess.org/ka53nozn,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/b90skasi,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/xkumgppj,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/x1qkwx7x,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/iu7uqs0r,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/iabmdsbl,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/y7lioqy2,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/qgcta9t9,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/jkl3aw9r,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/s6mdf8um,,,Hungarian Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/2lmd7igk,,,French Defense
https://lichess.org/ayapmidc,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/x8o9648z,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/5eu07abw,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/pep05jhn,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/020mkijq,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/a3cg7418,,,Duras Gambit
https://lichess.org/kswfczqo,,,Zukertort Opening: Black Mustang Defense
https://lichess.org/x0bizf9s,,,Sicilian Defense: Lasker-Dunne Attack
https://lichess.org/kohgwjv2,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/5r1wqd4e,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/egxcp1ef,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/mtte2svd,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/epd69ozj,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/jtz1hh2c,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/07qmjqxe,,,Slav Defense: Alekhine Variation
https://lichess.org/0ti784xv,,,Gedult's Opening
https://lichess.org/du6rzyuv,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/bzeu59c0,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/d3ezdsor,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/0nspzqcf,,,Reti Opening #2
https://lichess.org/nso5qkpu,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/2dna2681,,,Sicilian Defense: Lasker-Dunne Attack
https://lichess.org/prhktoju,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/emvgf9i2,,,King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/geu4wh44,,,Sicilian Defense: Lasker-Dunne Attack
https://lichess.org/gvbfoux0,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/8ftfqevo,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/98m4urun,,,King's Indian Attack: French Variation
https://lichess.org/proa8ety,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation, Gipslis Variation
https://lichess.org/zu8ighus,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Gunsberg Defense
https://lichess.org/qbr41nmn,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/dwfaukss,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/rc2wo16x,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/4eoioneu,,,Grob Opening
https://lichess.org/coqozv1n,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/2vog4b4g,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/trymy3oz,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/k8nw2z23,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/xi8vwz38,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/x94r012a,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/0wnvhg2q,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/57uwthll,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/hjtxjpty,,,Queen's Pawn Opening: Veresov, Richter Attack
https://lichess.org/cpujy2al,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/idsqgum6,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/eld3ogk7,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: 4.Bg5 Be7
https://lichess.org/0lz1b36t,,,King's Indian Attack: Symmetrical Defense
https://lichess.org/zgzxcx52,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/gmz7o36t,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/87m58bc3,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/quwhql96,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Austrian Defense
https://lichess.org/6zhqxee8,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/1lhhvd42,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/2886yues,,,Hungarian Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/trwb6o8o,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation #2
https://lichess.org/zcqzuxug,,,Italian Game: Evans Gambit, McDonnell Defense, Main Line
https://lichess.org/vd7y4dv9,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/t3qduttn,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/o5e60vx7,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/kwjietjp,,,Four Knights Game: Spanish Variation
https://lichess.org/ivplvsqo,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/7f3092pj,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/k6vvgrkb,,,King's Indian Attack: Keres Variation #2
https://lichess.org/k50z3qfl,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Krause Variation
https://lichess.org/gh5x0a9f,,,Indian Game: Pawn Push Variation
https://lichess.org/wi31njkh,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/u762ejag,,,Alekhine Defense: Maroczy Variation
https://lichess.org/fe7kfgrj,,,Russian Game: Modern Attack
https://lichess.org/zcgtlqf9,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/wshllzrj,,,Queen's Gambit
https://lichess.org/by9kmm8n,,,Sicilian Defense: Lasker-Dunne Attack
https://lichess.org/xm8zvie4,,,Benoni Defense: Cormorant Gambit
https://lichess.org/0z0ke76u,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/qvvuhqr8,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/nvsdrjof,,,Semi-Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/ifg12iun,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/yqx92nb8,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/n9tw45ts,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/029tlgsm,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/lpjyv3nf,,,Sicilian Defense: Lasker-Dunne Attack
https://lichess.org/ywwypyay,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/mztj22yz,,,Alekhine Defense: Maroczy Variation
https://lichess.org/f4oynzof,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/1cn74vx4,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit Declined, Scandinavian Formation
https://lichess.org/8bqrqny3,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
