https://lichess.org/fm6nc5sc,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/f0jvk4fl,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/f67kkfzn,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/ei8qovo4,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/rp68y9kd,,,French Defense: Queen's Knight
https://lichess.org/pgk3df9y,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/94vpr9k6,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/7j1aamn3,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Accelerated Move Order
https://lichess.org/ymalyw15,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation
https://lichess.org/xga7klnq,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/0nncn56f,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/kowwo9et,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/tsc3ux9l,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Veresov Attack, Classical Defense
https://lichess.org/y5lpqdq0,,,Vienna Game
https://lichess.org/9ix48coa,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/2ghk23lu,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/8fctnpds,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/0qdcdblz,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/e5xv6ubj,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/q27v17dt,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/370to0zb,,,Philidor Defense: Philidor Countergambit
https://lichess.org/utlevhw0,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/hi9qisl8,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/rk6caasc,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Janowski-Larsen Variation
https://lichess.org/7waf7kdz,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: English Variation
https://lichess.org/kg77i51b,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/m3bkclqw,,,French Defense: Classical Variation, Burn Variation, Main Line
https://lichess.org/xxtgh3uy,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation, Central Variation
https://lichess.org/uyf8ieyw,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/kj9zxeds,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/xpsz3s5u,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation, Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/c1mna5yx,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/58zenqo3,,,King's Pawn Game: Beyer Gambit
https://lichess.org/qcr2flhe,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Torre Attack
https://lichess.org/bn6g3vr0,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/ljg1gt4b,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/8x3zxbga,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense #3
https://lichess.org/dw7ta8kw,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Gurgenidze System
https://lichess.org/h6acm6oj,,,Sicilian Defense: Sozin, not Scheveningen
https://lichess.org/99gbsnrw,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Modern Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/8n40a8qw,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/09mnbqij,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/ecw243q9,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/7qhi1ryn,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/jyjysu4d,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System
https://lichess.org/5syqe1rk,,,Sicilian Defense: Lasker-Dunne Attack
https://lichess.org/6rtqowve,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/rf80z6z1,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/lms7zj7w,,,Bishop's Opening: Vienna Hybrid
https://lichess.org/wuy1dxyk,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System
https://lichess.org/1yvgirb0,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/wjc50irj,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/cy16nmqg,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/ytpkz9wq,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/d88z91t8,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/1a3yshvu,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense, Main Line
https://lichess.org/kd3dbxcu,,,King's Pawn Game: King's Head Opening #2
https://lichess.org/3062gk65,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Williams Variation
https://lichess.org/jbvytnef,,,Sicilian Defense: Four Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/5weo4d4l,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/6tjn30cw,,,Sicilian Defense: Lasker-Dunne Attack
https://lichess.org/sxe0kb3p,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Franco-Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/gv1pai3p,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/d8ozaho1,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/9m9uyfc5,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/ey0ne440,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/ysy0lab1,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/hlpnipil,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/7i3qoofl,,,Scotch Game: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/p03mfrez,,,Gruenfeld Defense: Three Knights Variation, Hungarian Attack
https://lichess.org/pa87orh3,,,Pirc Defense
https://lichess.org/tf7u7dmo,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/8gmpo3yc,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/yyq3pbqp,,,Pirc Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/ngsm1lgl,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/f4vlvwmr,,,Scotch Game: Goering Gambit, Double Pawn Sacrifice
https://lichess.org/rke3p7hg,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/9tcccub2,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Modern Variation
https://lichess.org/uq581zwz,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/eexddykb,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/7gk2eyxh,,,Vienna Game: Vienna Gambit
https://lichess.org/as0ks9pg,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/28z7nj9a,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/b6gbggr8,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Accelerated Move Order
https://lichess.org/9vnj4ffa,,,Petrov's Defense #2
https://lichess.org/fl0zdok6,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/tujgrlq6,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/xc7y2jot,,,Center Game: Berger Variation
https://lichess.org/96wvwj9j,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/2lx5u54u,,,Sicilian Defense: Four Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/lw6rlmt6,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Veresov Attack, Classical Defense
https://lichess.org/9qn9tmio,,,Ruy Lopez: Schliemann Defense
https://lichess.org/5tsjkhcb,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Polerio Defense, Bogoljubov Variation
https://lichess.org/u8z83zfs,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/tc2e2xqb,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/hw07n292,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/y20t841b,,,Gruenfeld Defense: Three Knights Variation #2
https://lichess.org/0fn5fuxp,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/acmsk8i6,,,Ruy Lopez: Closed Variations
https://lichess.org/dkn3agcr,,,Scandinavian Defense
