https://lichess.org/ws9hyut1,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/ascfabx6,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/mty2161u,,,Queen's Gambit
https://lichess.org/p6e6ybhn,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/wxsbz1n9,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/8zsqhs4z,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/w6m01rev,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/suglgtck,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Bishop's Gambit
https://lichess.org/0olig4mv,,,Sicilian Defense: Lasker-Dunne Attack
https://lichess.org/jr2wtwp6,,,Petrov's Defense #2
https://lichess.org/0sv4lj3i,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/rl8f4exx,,,Yusupov-Rubinstein System
https://lichess.org/bfh879nx,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/0vj5uujl,,,King's Indian Defense: Four Pawns Attack, Normal Attack
https://lichess.org/iybbfm6o,,,Zukertort Opening: Reversed Mexican Defense
https://lichess.org/r0azrwyq,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/v81htcl9,,,French Defense: Burn Variation
https://lichess.org/ynx44pm3,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/em2y3abo,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/h3vt9ifi,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation, Albin Gambit
https://lichess.org/4uulphmw,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/hvufg3kg,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/w2br1dxx,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/1zppe0p6,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/0tf42c8p,,,Polish Defense
https://lichess.org/wwz3qtxd,,,Sicilian Defense: Kan Variation, Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/25fyoa1u,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/irsiwzgf,,,Modern Defense: Two Knights Variation, Suttles Variation
https://lichess.org/pmy8b8q9,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #4
https://lichess.org/z9sztnac,,,Russian Game: Cozio (Lasker) Attack
https://lichess.org/zitnrryi,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/igstrver,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/vuhc7qk0,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/o1jo053h,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/5wrbardx,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation
https://lichess.org/57whfuww,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/43xrl3ev,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/gq0b8oks,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/uxmep1ey,,,Center Game: Paulsen Attack Variation
https://lichess.org/5pevub9b,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/z5mevos1,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/zlr38lg0,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/tk336kwk,,,Canard Opening
https://lichess.org/afnazgu3,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/vtwl6ktl,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation, Traditional
https://lichess.org/gfok4lu7,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/61xlawt5,,,Portuguese Opening
https://lichess.org/ce21ridb,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/buvj3bip,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/azbgyozg,,,King's Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/5xq9qtn0,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/ruyqtlcc,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/mhh8vpmo,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/2os2hz61,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack, Kiddie Countergambit
https://lichess.org/5fa7ni38,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/gto2iysb,,,Four Knights Game: Gunsberg Variation
https://lichess.org/mkg6zw4m,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/9y8arrj7,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/4b1bb8az,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation Accepted
https://lichess.org/jbtw12o7,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/hjux3pxb,,,Old Benoni Defense #2
https://lichess.org/9p562ggj,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/15043b0q,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/t1xdw015,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/ucw8m8wl,,,Clemenz Opening
https://lichess.org/c75v9dqe,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line, Mieses Variation
https://lichess.org/iow2wno7,,,Queen's Gambit
https://lichess.org/hgepv35k,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen Variation
https://lichess.org/02kbmrd5,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/pg39f4wl,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/s0j6y502,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/1wvmcc2k,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/vcdk6e0o,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/ro82y45e,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/ftme1xbm,,,Ruy Lopez: Closed Variations, Kholmov Variation
https://lichess.org/mmtvo0kj,,,Sicilian Defense: Hyperaccelerated Fianchetto
https://lichess.org/8nj873dt,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/1tam1323,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/pl0w2y0t,,,Alekhine Defense: Scandinavian Variation
https://lichess.org/kqoofoxe,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/6dc3q6rk,,,Reti Opening #2
https://lichess.org/l8n0odga,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/ucexvsyg,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/gw9b6ijh,,,Philidor Defense: Nimzowitsch Variation #2
https://lichess.org/zju4hedf,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/lqdue53g,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/rw3dt5f7,,,Grob Opening
https://lichess.org/u4wnxuy8,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/3e49jbgk,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/cpihg7aj,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/t7e5uh7h,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense #3
https://lichess.org/9o6zhzhu,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/9klsr8ic,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/9tq8rj9f,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/f82ndm2f,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/vi00yp3u,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/sapaujet,,,Grob Opening
https://lichess.org/57580kd8,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/9f83ptrd,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/bzm53d3s,,,Giuoco Piano
