https://lichess.org/1x7ygm2o,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/smjxh2tx,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Austrian Defense
https://lichess.org/erh79iwx,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/0hfcvehu,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/in9zy4hw,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Accelerated Move Order
https://lichess.org/stxnfo6x,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/7uetwhta,,,Sicilian Defense: Lasker-Dunne Attack
https://lichess.org/5i63neu1,,,King's Pawn Game: Maroczy Defense
https://lichess.org/7qp64bxz,,,Sicilian Defense: Canal Attack, Main Line
https://lichess.org/y3luuama,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/azn18kc6,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/ng1ryod7,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/egdx33hd,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/fm9jzj8n,,,English Opening: Great Snake Variation
https://lichess.org/tmz4ktcz,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/91yt2z39,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/k1742sbl,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Marshall Gambit
https://lichess.org/cuyhe7ps,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Scandinavian Variation, Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/j4vdqics,,,Vienna Game
https://lichess.org/gmbh6xxt,,,King's Pawn
https://lichess.org/14kst6qc,,,Modern Defense: Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/pxzj7y44,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
https://lichess.org/smtgu3nt,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/tldutqlq,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Orthodox Defense
https://lichess.org/m7vzsnk3,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/2z2z1soi,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Modern, Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/8ju02c1y,,,Sicilian Defense: Marshall Counterattack
https://lichess.org/8679lil2,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/lyposm4p,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/8ipkbx1m,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/11ysikab,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/z7yb3uq1,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/z5y8wtx2,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/aoscqg72,,,Sicilian Defense: Lasker-Dunne Attack
https://lichess.org/ai31ntok,,,King's Pawn Opening: 2.b3
https://lichess.org/udowzhxf,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Euwe Attack
https://lichess.org/1cs5acnn,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/vr8ms327,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/43s82la3,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/l7o2jfss,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/o04j554n,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/srw826rq,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/ui5x33ye,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/fi9wzhkg,,,Franco-Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/bz3lbqb5,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/5v3l0myl,,,Hungarian Opening: Slav Formation
https://lichess.org/vj9bv93h,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/i1dg5meo,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/br1u1wkw,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/fmz2mol7,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/yq8kg6nq,,,Dutch Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/dbgygowg,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/8xlsk4k5,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/grbuo72r,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/xj3ghkjw,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/pzxsfvso,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/78g8z4af,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/2m0r17bd,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/clxdyhgk,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/r3fwiov9,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/678mgxdp,,,Indian Game: Maddigan Gambit
https://lichess.org/7if9i55s,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/9axsmdpp,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/og5lnncf,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/ob82y3sp,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Nimzowitsch System
https://lichess.org/8ce60xcx,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/ftu3heis,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/knoufy3p,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/epjkr68g,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/4oztoiwx,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/4mz4o32l,,,French Defense: Horwitz Attack
https://lichess.org/lgit1qpg,,,Mikenas Defense
https://lichess.org/n809txp7,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Central Variation, Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/0cfd7e4x,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/kn0hxkyx,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/5r8zotyq,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/icz07cf7,,,King's Pawn Game: Maroczy Defense
https://lichess.org/x6zogm7i,,,Sicilian Defense: Lasker-Dunne Attack
https://lichess.org/i7mxy07i,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/wxykni5b,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/y0vxg60s,,,Modern Defense: Mongredien Defense #2
https://lichess.org/3abqa187,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation, Central Variation
https://lichess.org/wblaakw5,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/7ldg0x4a,,,King's Indian Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/e2iqkzy4,,,French Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/4qa6w2ro,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/ejll6h4w,,,Slav Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/fb14wp8j,,,Bishop's Opening: Vienna Hybrid
https://lichess.org/knau8qi2,,,Danish Gambit Accepted, Chigorin Defense
https://lichess.org/fuu99p1k,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System
https://lichess.org/uo7qbngr,,,Polish Defense
https://lichess.org/etvw6qn0,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/hmdtmepr,,,Ware Defense
https://lichess.org/goqc5scj,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/tr6b01zq,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/zf3c9lrr,,,Budapest Defense: Adler Variation
https://lichess.org/ayj8hhlq,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/nimr8abq,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/qfrvddha,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/k7s49lf1,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
