https://lichess.org/i1h6fdy3,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/3de6r6w0,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/1l645u5f,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation, Greco Gambit, Moeller-Therkatz Attack
https://lichess.org/6r80qou7,,,Vienna Game: Zhuravlev Countergambit #2
https://lichess.org/bbnbw0eo,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/61ajb0om,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/udbn8ec5,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/1zgap6vp,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/nfps3fqy,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/0vswq615,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/unorrtzv,,,Dutch Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/iw50ce88,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/b8ybt032,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack, Kiddie Countergambit
https://lichess.org/isq4d21w,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/cg4h8u2i,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/z690iri8,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/rtgcjl7t,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation, Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/iq9nx94h,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/cpyb847v,,,Vienna Game: Anderssen Defense
https://lichess.org/rque6wp0,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense #3
https://lichess.org/lo0wwa5t,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/fhkwk0tb,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/rkx2fvca,,,Philidor Defense #4
https://lichess.org/xqax7kom,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/b50wnayo,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/i9h4gmyv,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/0ppm1s04,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/ukksr549,,,Sicilian Defense: Open #3
https://lichess.org/sxkg00x5,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/n7vyy0iv,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/ao3mrm6x,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/1c30v5n1,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/jju0s0te,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/neptdpxi,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/yir2bvsl,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/h6b4lf9k,,,Four Knights Game: Halloween Gambit
https://lichess.org/njlkwu6j,,,Petrov's Defense #2
https://lichess.org/pyltjfng,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/ky8p302g,,,Mieses Opening: Reversed Rat
https://lichess.org/hiqiy3rk,,,English Opening: Neo-Catalan Declined
https://lichess.org/cg204kzm,,,French Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/11astbqk,,,King's Pawn Opening: 2.b3
https://lichess.org/d4rpaua4,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/yt3ii6py,,,English Opening: Anglo-Indian Defense, Hedgehog System
https://lichess.org/xgs56mlq,,,Sicilian Defense: Sozin Attack, Flank Variation
https://lichess.org/tm7maxh3,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Piano, Greco's Attack
https://lichess.org/ufrg0bap,,,Italian Game: Schilling-Kostic Gambit
https://lichess.org/x1nxkqzi,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/j3jdtngo,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/r1g6tuy4,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/316es20f,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/pltmt6w4,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/afeuya7s,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/s4arghv6,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/09nas02f,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/bd0spziv,,,Benoni Defense: Old Benoni
https://lichess.org/qlkx1lk3,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/3qpjdtz9,,,English Opening: Anglo-Indian Defense, King's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/e92e2hn3,,,Sicilian Defense: Franco-Sicilian Variation
https://lichess.org/th585nii,,,Zukertort Opening: Black Mustang Defense
https://lichess.org/td0b89oo,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/6eynggo1,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/id198rba,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/yltul93v,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/4z4rn6wg,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/qr73hv2c,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/ag8kf7pm,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/70o9v99x,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/9ou6vpb2,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/5fvn68bq,,,Hungarian Opening: Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/t304ydof,,,Slav Defense: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/ukeh4imt,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/2fr8t02i,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/640lchki,,,French Defense: Wing Gambit
https://lichess.org/smof6pho,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/bbtrc8uv,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/4wp72t4u,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/txd22jgi,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/9l3px38s,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/p7y9d6yb,,,Indian Game: Wade-Tartakower Defense
https://lichess.org/ypwr0ufb,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Quiet Variation
https://lichess.org/w75lmknb,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/rz9khllm,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/polbidgg,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System
https://lichess.org/6qwzk5l7,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/4fwg0318,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Austrian Defense
https://lichess.org/bn0asyd6,,,French Defense: Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/55plej9a,,,Indian Game: Przepiorka Variation
https://lichess.org/ynjra567,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/n4rvu3dm,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/hiyq5dd8,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/z1hxmwwm,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/9pcenvgg,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/7yxo7u28,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/5osf04za,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/7iqw3oyv,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/ypol9dkb,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/2uryrhd9,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
https://lichess.org/xfa8dnbk,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/04eqyczw,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
