https://lichess.org/uj7b90yi,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/ilp46f4j,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/iic54crm,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #3
https://lichess.org/6z4dg3eo,,,Ruy Lopez: Closed Variations
https://lichess.org/1rhirhab,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/cepo3o1x,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/cwvtatp1,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/wt95rbyz,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/fgyezcwb,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/4pt25p1s,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/41qed2al,,,Grob Opening
https://lichess.org/4yizv1fa,,,Van Geet Opening: Berlin Gambit
https://lichess.org/ga0ar1yc,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/jpocvvdc,,,Danish Gambit Accepted, Classical Defense
https://lichess.org/tl86umps,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/dd9yejca,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/50g9i6cl,,,French Defense: Marshall Variation
https://lichess.org/esq28q8s,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/ukgkko8l,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/guecshs5,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Vienna Variation
https://lichess.org/01ibesln,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/b3csyp92,,,Sicilian Defense: Lasker-Pelikan Variation, Retreat Variation
https://lichess.org/fhxo35fy,,,Danish Gambit Declined, Sorensen Defense
https://lichess.org/4s6goe3k,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Canal Variation
https://lichess.org/ihrdfakw,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/enfa6du8,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/2jt1up5b,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Caro Variation
https://lichess.org/a1kdcaov,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Euwe Attack
https://lichess.org/g2lpk6wi,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Italian Four Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/p4ff1672,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/jaomcau0,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/3x9kuipd,,,Ware Defense
https://lichess.org/l6c1gvzd,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/ci5imgwn,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/jf3lpok4,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/bu0rjptl,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/qafo11lp,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/q4zpkbxy,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/jbo82eg3,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/9ikycc85,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/kz9f0ffu,,,Russian Game: Cochrane Gambit
https://lichess.org/zwx5wra4,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/1k63g2mt,,,Italian Game: Scotch Gambit, de Riviere Defense
https://lichess.org/xhilyugo,,,Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/j6m6291j,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/u3kyu3bt,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/zxs4wt8c,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation
https://lichess.org/vzhsjuna,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/x42appka,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/xnhuksl6,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/55es5gjk,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/cnubjwwc,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/ael57y1q,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/lgt2x6m5,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/dyddndwt,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/hh1bioet,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/l31k1d7f,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Knight Attack
https://lichess.org/0hhgbtbp,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/nczcl6u5,,,Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/xib74w6l,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation
https://lichess.org/8819z5l8,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/jdt37hbg,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/mvprrw8r,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation, Traditional
https://lichess.org/gq19q5da,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/yma33bfg,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/vghtzm4z,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Torre Attack, Gossip Variation
https://lichess.org/1l6rbur7,,,French Defense: Bird Invitation
https://lichess.org/kb1g5r0r,,,Scandinavian Defense: Panov Transfer
https://lichess.org/54lht7qw,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/ofz77vqe,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/wl89cggw,,,Guatemala Defense
https://lichess.org/ybs1r76p,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/nudxa6ep,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/wyqwrser,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/aq9uybwx,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/9kegkcw4,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/w9tzx53q,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/pbw1hac1,,,Danish Gambit Accepted, Classical Defense
https://lichess.org/1mxwu0wt,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/h4giswoi,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/bxo16ktx,,,King's Pawn Game: Mengarini's Opening
https://lichess.org/rv66sybn,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/4euc36ja,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Modern Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/50syae32,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/aax1eeh5,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/mkx2kcdi,,,Scandinavian Defense: Gubinsky-Melts Defense
https://lichess.org/30ynvx9c,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/g0my9kk6,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/9tnfmnzq,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/58yakui5,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/kpfd7a4s,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #4
https://lichess.org/cnvkz16t,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ytq5ymfr,,,Zukertort Opening: Reversed Mexican Defense
https://lichess.org/fa04nxvh,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/9n3mjd8s,,,Torre Attack #2
https://lichess.org/ur8uekla,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/vlhieadr,,,Reti Opening: Reti Accepted
https://lichess.org/by7falet,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/z2gzpke0,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/8hsaaj8m,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
