https://lichess.org/wgota0uh,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/ewuvgfj3,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
https://lichess.org/mddfd08f,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/6ixx3xm5,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Krause Variation
https://lichess.org/at17xd1u,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Two Knights Attack
https://lichess.org/7huqa06p,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/zj9dsi00,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/c2atctkw,,,Russian Game: Cozio (Lasker) Attack
https://lichess.org/1csg6pog,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Pseudo-Spanish Variation
https://lichess.org/ype067n1,,,Scotch Game: Malaniuk Variation
https://lichess.org/fr6pefne,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Nimzowitsch Variation
https://lichess.org/5xk260zn,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Stamma Gambit
https://lichess.org/4ejmb0oc,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/tg5231gl,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/od4bp78j,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Knight Attack
https://lichess.org/wpr6mqsz,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/7pg1ote3,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/ozck5e9x,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Showalter Variation
https://lichess.org/m4pltxf1,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/o5zehpjg,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Euwe Defense
https://lichess.org/vlnurwv9,,,Center Game Accepted
https://lichess.org/k0t5ye06,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/lxxhhan2,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/30q9glid,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Rasa-Studier Gambit
https://lichess.org/lam44qwm,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation, Normal
https://lichess.org/mzhbc00a,,,Zukertort Opening: Kingside Fianchetto
https://lichess.org/od5ej5in,,,English Opening: Four Knights System, Nimzowitsch Variation
https://lichess.org/jxa2oaad,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/x4yv38k5,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/msd02vj7,,,Sicilian Defense: Kan Variation, Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/jdsgd3j6,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/fs8bchqo,,,Zukertort Opening: Wade Defense
https://lichess.org/2y01uds2,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/gdqpykur,,,Modern Defense: Three Pawns Attack
https://lichess.org/5yd8x2sp,,,Colle System #2
https://lichess.org/b6cbex20,,,English Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/996lmcc4,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/a17bcvse,,,Center Game Accepted
https://lichess.org/gp5wlmyq,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/6krpnc0p,,,French Defense: Reti-Spielmann Attack
https://lichess.org/m5f4gkhy,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/ajqxjqee,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation Accepted
https://lichess.org/o5dteip4,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/uvjxhzor,,,Russian Game: Cozio (Lasker) Attack
https://lichess.org/nzrlxdna,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
https://lichess.org/zjsh208s,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/fsgu61eh,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/x9c2mmzx,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/efnhm111,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/jkkcxdb3,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/bwzb0f4m,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/87fmiywr,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/qq6qtu1o,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/evgf27ti,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/f7lelykd,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/a0p48l3l,,,Italian Game: Rousseau Gambit
https://lichess.org/h6eu37fk,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/r21jcd49,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/cg6t1i0f,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/ewt293sw,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/j807rzev,,,Philidor Defense: Nimzowitsch Variation #2
https://lichess.org/phb9k6v4,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/np4b05f2,,,French Defense: Queen's Knight
https://lichess.org/bqxr9k8x,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/orvyy6ny,,,East Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/c44bf38f,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/jbjl9vmu,,,King's Pawn Game: Maroczy Defense
https://lichess.org/2rdevoj0,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/x2t7rcw2,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/zha9vuhe,,,English Opening: Four Knights System, Nimzowitsch Variation
https://lichess.org/u2iywvz0,,,Hungarian Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/pctfe4k8,,,Bishop's Opening: Philidor Counterattack
https://lichess.org/0wrrf0g4,,,Goldsmith Defense
https://lichess.org/tzid306v,,,Center Game: von der Lasa Gambit
https://lichess.org/z2r5ibuh,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/d29c2qao,,,Indian Game: Spielmann-Indian
https://lichess.org/jt40tybt,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/bnqg4fgy,,,French Defense: Queen's Knight
https://lichess.org/kq5dlpkn,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/j45poc32,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/z3h75ypq,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/t8e8mc1v,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #4
https://lichess.org/0w62i7hx,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/7zpln4gn,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/mycajxes,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation, Westerinen Attack
https://lichess.org/2yy7r7im,,,Grob Opening
https://lichess.org/ib3j0dpa,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/5jq63kjk,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation, Center Attack
https://lichess.org/yrt73ae7,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/3wgpvu7u,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/lz6zwjf5,,,Scotch Game: Scotch Gambit, Dubois Reti Defense
https://lichess.org/hqfqck4u,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Showalter Variation
https://lichess.org/r21eybfy,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/wj3xq5z0,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/lkzwtaah,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/kco2glf2,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/n0q2m2ks,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/vacu22ym,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/wbg72gmq,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/zygr0rso,,,Sicilian Defense: Hyperaccelerated Dragon
