https://lichess.org/mzt3d726,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/hj89i325,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/vxbybfbd,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation, Pseudo-Catalan
https://lichess.org/4v64bdtu,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Albin Countergambit
https://lichess.org/kwteq2v1,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/43067ll4,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Traditional Variation
https://lichess.org/36n5244l,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/weh8cxmm,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/d7h4qslb,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/2yg2heml,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/wkmweq41,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/ftumuel8,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Meran Variation
https://lichess.org/6n8jl9ke,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/86kur8fj,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/nw4jlnzz,,,King's Indian Defense: Larsen Variation
https://lichess.org/2ezbcdjg,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation, Monte Carlo Variation
https://lichess.org/xk1fzu32,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/binbpchp,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/ab2mv7s8,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/z8kqlcfy,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/nusdx2a2,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/pjf6oxyy,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/7g2f9e7s,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/iq1g7lm9,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/71yvtaxl,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/u900lkjh,,,Zukertort Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/g1om1236,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/6owrkp5c,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/q3sa4usz,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/d7dpay9d,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/gvt9ozz3,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/pbgyfo1d,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Reversed Closed Sicilian
https://lichess.org/x0zlwoqd,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/v0fralkw,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/k6s0565y,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/j8mx2klt,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/7b2qba2k,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/7anfuiwi,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/w1yzbrcg,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/8ab427ji,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/56lkthwd,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/yfnjphiq,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/vy4fnnbe,,,Vienna Game: Mengarini Variation
https://lichess.org/k3ocze00,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/sibdqyom,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/fbr9ykm0,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/67zcrwz6,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/aazmnzt0,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/zujq9abz,,,French Defense: Mediterranean Defense
https://lichess.org/pohbomgy,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/9q4eknn9,,,Zukertort Opening: Vos Gambit
https://lichess.org/0g7gk2ao,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/mbviryfd,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/iuh9nhud,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #2
https://lichess.org/p2pp86sp,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/s3vvn7zk,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/q7p4otlz,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/rf2y69jh,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/36yp3g6w,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/6odtwfno,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/m4zofzut,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/pth0dp68,,,French Defense: Paulsen Variation
https://lichess.org/fb1ehk11,,,Slav Defense: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/egj7kyco,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/1xo2na2l,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/55qlza61,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/3hvwolsl,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/xss21lbc,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/2l2d2eep,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/93y2dfm1,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/lvpbpdgb,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Marshall Gambit
https://lichess.org/oe8m3o35,,,Owen Defense: Smith Gambit
https://lichess.org/s3ek4dke,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/fuaxjzqr,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/qhsws3gy,,,Indian Game: Anti-Nimzo-Indian
https://lichess.org/owz0ae3e,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/vud232f4,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/84od0gyq,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/x5t656ey,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/ztmn1wsc,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/bkgn8371,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/2ucj36ct,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/47n0odqd,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/hzyoqh3y,,,Philidor Defense: Nimzowitsch Variation
https://lichess.org/4xakqefz,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/o2e5xxry,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/2d4ukysr,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/4fo1qtc5,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Quiet Variation
https://lichess.org/6n2lothm,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/2k65buv7,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/0d2jj37t,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/d0cfrwzk,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/cyj1gaf1,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/e2hgucm5,,,Danish Gambit Accepted, Classical Defense
https://lichess.org/rnydoien,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/emlyq0ji,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/af6rj10k,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/7k9hk63x,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation, Gipslis Variation
https://lichess.org/v9g8k6gd,,,Ware Defense
https://lichess.org/vzgucxfp,,,Caro-Kann Defense
