https://lichess.org/9nrsoagy,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/f38hkt76,,,King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/50aa78x7,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/zv2sp3i4,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/mp1be2oi,,,Indian Game: Wade-Tartakower Defense
https://lichess.org/syzzs67e,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/xdj5t9zj,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Normal Variation, Gligoric System
https://lichess.org/32phqygg,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/5cj3ln3z,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/bycie5jb,,,King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/wd01j4n7,,,Sicilian Defense: Modern Variations, Main Line
https://lichess.org/8blalkma,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/mz2b4sr9,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/m7cwoqax,,,Bishop's Opening: Vienna Hybrid
https://lichess.org/v4xgmty9,,,Zukertort Opening: Queenside Fianchetto Variation
https://lichess.org/ulvzrvcm,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/4xe6eud9,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/9nbx8pot,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/l0v1itu8,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/ed0wy18i,,,Zukertort Opening: St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/tkas70i9,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/uqcnwdel,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/qcv5z05d,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/8l9d4c4g,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/bvfxwqom,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/xgnizgx4,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/gd6ao65i,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/xnk0ibrw,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Fischer Defense
https://lichess.org/2i1uu9hm,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/r1i9kqwx,,,Modern Defense: Three Pawns Attack
https://lichess.org/07fzda4p,,,Polish Defense
https://lichess.org/e01a1hzw,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/fi7gmc2f,,,Center Game: Hall Variation
https://lichess.org/mxji19f9,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/3paj295z,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/dt7wg9ih,,,Zukertort Opening: Queenside Fianchetto Variation
https://lichess.org/8rawy5gy,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/iyphi6nw,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Deferred Variation
https://lichess.org/zmwu404u,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/ewojcm5b,,,Italian Game: Scotch Gambit, Max Lange Attack, Spielmann Defense
https://lichess.org/65g58x2i,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/ltbyco60,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Traditional Variation
https://lichess.org/6jxj802o,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/x7wdelue,,,French Defense: Steiner Variation
https://lichess.org/m2rroxw6,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/z0qckt9k,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/kxvny7mt,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Zeller Defense
https://lichess.org/xn1rqm1t,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/occshlrh,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense, Modern Gambit
https://lichess.org/93i87n70,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Modern Variation
https://lichess.org/2eis1jc8,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/cachzxmv,,,Zukertort Opening: Pirc Invitation
https://lichess.org/7o247s3b,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/ix1qh3pn,,,Bishop's Opening: Khan Gambit
https://lichess.org/eiawtqoy,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/aa0pzifg,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/picim07s,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/rktyoc3u,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/h4vczqew,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/75zq8qvo,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/stu40sc3,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/o8k3iyfm,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/tpqt669o,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Saduleto Variation
https://lichess.org/4m51u2tl,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/nwmieue5,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Normal Defense
https://lichess.org/80v9i4ta,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/mukf1odh,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Accelerated Meran Variation
https://lichess.org/xthju8yd,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/xj8n374q,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/b26zo5jo,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/4ed6sqcb,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/kf4f1pp4,,,Sicilian Defense: Dragon Variation
https://lichess.org/gp0c7xc7,,,Colle System #2
https://lichess.org/o0cyjexj,,,Hungarian Opening: Reversed Alekhine
https://lichess.org/1ey9abn9,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zurich Gambit
https://lichess.org/ux7p0ajc,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/y9ajzzhn,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/zm0d4sif,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/f13xzt28,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Steinitz Deferred
https://lichess.org/79pw418z,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/7ooy695r,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/mtu7p0ss,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/e8kw6fne,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/7vdjtk5m,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/zvg892hp,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/ia7thk75,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/evv9va7l,,,English Opening: Anglo-Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/w0w3ghqr,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/qtj8xh6f,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/exlwep22,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/urbixt0o,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/z3zl278s,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/3xerpnk3,,,Colle System #2
https://lichess.org/9jyag0k9,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/c0vczv35,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/s699ubjc,,,Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/fwzdyvhf,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/qiuz6hyq,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation
https://lichess.org/e75ohrji,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/6tj80j9s,,,Owen Defense
