https://lichess.org/fur5srfk,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/oxr9aqi9,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/73bhmrr6,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/kcfnfwkz,,,French Defense: Reti-Spielmann Attack
https://lichess.org/6cwt08a7,,,Hungarian Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/jva208x5,,,Alekhine Defense: Maroczy Variation
https://lichess.org/83ksj089,,,Ruy Lopez: Bird Variation
https://lichess.org/fvv7arp9,,,King's Gambit, Falkbeer Countergambit, Blackburne Attack
https://lichess.org/dzg3kzvn,,,Vienna Game: Stanley Variation, Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/iu3ap9ug,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/2exz0v4c,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/9eph6e93,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/zt6v1uot,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/1pi0r4ek,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed #2
https://lichess.org/jnvljoby,,,Philidor Defense: Hanham Variation
https://lichess.org/dxy2wfya,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/35ylbne4,,,King's Pawn Game: Maroczy Defense
https://lichess.org/smv8hi5g,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/dqxmxif1,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/khi3mqvt,,,Mieses Opening: Reversed Rat
https://lichess.org/gopjvy4f,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/w6fvgxmw,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/wrc9ljwz,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Reversed Sicilian
https://lichess.org/wka6s6jo,,,French Defense: Horwitz Attack, Papa-Ticulat Gambit
https://lichess.org/9v3x10p8,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/8ns37rdy,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/94qfk5ao,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/noq67avu,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Ryder Gambit
https://lichess.org/u4l24efn,,,Sicilian Defense: Lasker-Dunne Attack
https://lichess.org/7e0skp2g,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/hvou4b4r,,,French Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/pomq1h2p,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Fritz Variation
https://lichess.org/9aq0gxhg,,,French Defense: Paulsen Variation
https://lichess.org/ejcinscn,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/nobz22qe,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/6k24ox43,,,Bishop's Opening: Vienna Hybrid, Spielmann Attack
https://lichess.org/lb95dxmd,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/fvgrmwhx,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/7v4ejleu,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/m3vzt9k5,,,French Defense: Queen's Knight
https://lichess.org/8z4oiijb,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/6jw7ruo3,,,Four Knights Game: Spanish Variation
https://lichess.org/zz8dqw3e,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/988pb6oy,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System, Anti-Colle
https://lichess.org/2l4bc3xs,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/2rwigcg5,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/7o9u0qj5,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/sqrxh0wd,,,Sicilian Defense: Accelerated Dragon, Maroczy Bind
https://lichess.org/0wv4b2w9,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/11nvzi2y,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/x1prbxhl,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/jku3kwn5,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/xzrf2sio,,,Ruy Lopez: Open Variations, Open Variation
https://lichess.org/0v5scybz,,,Sicilian Defense: Chekhover Variation
https://lichess.org/ziiqmief,,,French Defense: Queen's Knight
https://lichess.org/jdlzc4yi,,,Italian Game: Evans Gambit, McDonnell Defense
https://lichess.org/q8400g33,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/m1unosnq,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/8zyrklr3,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/la0q6o6t,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/t1gyjkl1,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/ox3lrc58,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/dqed3yrx,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/4hxgk9zs,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/sbrkvyi7,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/ps5njh5o,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/wtd4ssa3,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/3crzsvng,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/r0tyfs4v,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/cpob3d0x,,,Sicilian Defense: Franco-Sicilian Variation
https://lichess.org/4lqy1ygu,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/h553xmap,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Krause Variation
https://lichess.org/s1c33cf6,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/9s16nj1j,,,French Defense: Franco-Hiva Gambit I
https://lichess.org/bei38ka5,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/19s2kzyc,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/taqmbzh9,,,Trompowsky Attack
https://lichess.org/grdn9qgw,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/033t38oc,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/g7si2d63,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/ryp3nigv,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/fenz7obc,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/oks8ssvb,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed #2
https://lichess.org/zummwkfs,,,Danish Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/6muutano,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/jxden1z0,,,Philidor Defense #4
https://lichess.org/9de81xbr,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/e7k6pmil,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/691djcda,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/7rw21k3h,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/y7ek79xq,,,Elephant Gambit: Paulsen Countergambit
https://lichess.org/dxvylh27,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/csomzo0y,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/n604x7ot,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/b3gazsoh,,,Sicilian Defense: Hyperaccelerated Pterodactyl
https://lichess.org/dzljagcf,,,Bird Opening: From's Gambit, Lasker Variation
https://lichess.org/kfzla9iv,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/0nm9azzn,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/ynjjy0wq,,,Van Geet Opening
https://lichess.org/efievue3,,,Hungarian Opening
