https://lichess.org/7uhho8gl,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/u4selv0a,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/xbnzfz3n,,,Nimzowitsch Defense, Declined Variation
https://lichess.org/xbiqnd0y,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation, Keres Variation
https://lichess.org/fbc472zz,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/isxm8g0q,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/5xageckm,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/u4yy8p1w,,,Zukertort Opening: Ware Defense
https://lichess.org/eoeuhx1x,,,Sicilian Defense: Marshall Counterattack
https://lichess.org/1nk7cmqu,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/cdozie78,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/53qs7m86,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/2h81jpra,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/tz7v5jee,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Saemisch Variation
https://lichess.org/kxep91r4,,,Queen's Pawn Game: London System
https://lichess.org/fcfkhy0e,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/8h73op9u,,,Yusupov-Rubinstein System
https://lichess.org/3u66qtds,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/8rm0m5q4,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/vex31zjc,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/0boyu05k,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/2jspxwao,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/5ci7pgdr,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/9mg8el86,,,Grob Opening: Grob Gambit
https://lichess.org/palkfc03,,,French Defense: Winawer Variation
https://lichess.org/rgsu0k7p,,,Pirc Defense
https://lichess.org/big5dadb,,,King's Pawn Game: Maroczy Defense
https://lichess.org/61d7kx7j,,,Sicilian Defense: Marshall Counterattack
https://lichess.org/h3cbs4xt,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/g5rcubvs,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/u76034eu,,,Petrov: Modern Attack
https://lichess.org/493oxrko,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/10tcucwl,,,English Opening: Anglo-Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/hc0gycvf,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/8skifaek,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/q6vt4a94,,,Colle System
https://lichess.org/mmxopivz,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen Variation, Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/mdcoebqs,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/d4shrizl,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Franco-Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/fiq6g63e,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/j1kcab9e,,,Torre Attack #2
https://lichess.org/z44jdolg,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/1xzks9xy,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/2237y9gs,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/u72f41tw,,,Sicilian Defense: Marshall Counterattack
https://lichess.org/5n01rjhl,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack, Kiddie Countergambit
https://lichess.org/rxfmohii,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/25s72gug,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/5pnhfumg,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/v6it8393,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/v7bo7f8t,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Ryder Gambit
https://lichess.org/b8zkdt2n,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/imdayry9,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/bc7ja9kl,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Tartakower Defense
https://lichess.org/o6z4x4sc,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Knight Attack, Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/ylk1dbng,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/ytm7853w,,,Polish Defense
https://lichess.org/46djbq82,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/3khlnk28,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/k0tp73kk,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/isdkdxvw,,,Trompowsky Attack
https://lichess.org/jh9ubdox,,,Sicilian Defense: Marshall Counterattack
https://lichess.org/vifoikym,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/t6bpnbjy,,,Queen's Pawn Game: London System
https://lichess.org/l4h2096p,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/k8fyi48r,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Rosentreter Gambit
https://lichess.org/y1t0ubu0,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/3snre0vu,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense
https://lichess.org/gg6n1l6a,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Zeller Defense
https://lichess.org/k4k7mlba,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Anti-Torre
https://lichess.org/emik4du5,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/nkfhgt1y,,,Ponziani Opening
https://lichess.org/w8hu3blj,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Modern Variation
https://lichess.org/oxnu3org,,,Sicilian Defense: Marshall Counterattack
https://lichess.org/kgpnfduu,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/2pdpc8hf,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/up7y1eio,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/oxtpdemh,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/1fv6oasx,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/gv1fdmaq,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/wbbnk3u6,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/baiqxapy,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/w391zoux,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/l9my8j5v,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Modern Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/94l7h3b1,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/kqimgwpw,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/walq3mc1,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/qg5rbshr,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/e2rzph55,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Paulsen Attack
https://lichess.org/o8y7vnk6,,,Russian Game: Cochrane Gambit
https://lichess.org/li57ykvx,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/8q6ikoix,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #4
https://lichess.org/meci54ad,,,Indian Game: Pyrenees Gambit
https://lichess.org/7zv5zpse,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/x0uuxo5r,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/jsv5kqkh,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/ij72ol78,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/uvi8qbok,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/gf4yrx4g,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/zy3wey4q,,,Grob Opening
