https://lichess.org/jjd6etks,,,Four Knights Game: Ranken Variation
https://lichess.org/d59mqpcg,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/uj6qmvu0,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/w789iiuj,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
https://lichess.org/x3ga912g,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/fo5ic99e,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/c930amj1,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/b6qnjji9,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/ahmab894,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/cmhe9k7a,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/0m648zqz,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Krause Variation
https://lichess.org/j65hzptq,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/fv65jh5a,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/5uxrtmlu,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/pj50wdfp,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/ajhzrhjz,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Baltic Defense
https://lichess.org/06qby3et,,,Hungarian Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/gvmidnus,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/g30nqwe0,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense #3
https://lichess.org/ogwg8f2c,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Scandinavian Variation, Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/3u1mj7kc,,,Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/bibclny0,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/f3a8yoo1,,,Hungarian Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/mrmykwz6,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/5q7b3mqa,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/zze3dvcq,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation
https://lichess.org/bczmsj2u,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/t3dz2ido,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/op9nwnvw,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/93o4jyo7,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Krause Variation
https://lichess.org/8wg0trlk,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/5yy9sbv7,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/zky53snq,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/8uz8gj1d,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/zbgsipt4,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/wf8gnkk5,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/ha5drxhn,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #4
https://lichess.org/3iajnd8x,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/tcd923oh,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation
https://lichess.org/w20q3cwz,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/avsamz84,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/aj5u86m9,,,Hungarian Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/o47utv2o,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/uy3bu46z,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/vqr0m0dh,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/btxwwpl4,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/u3grrama,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/ut8hwstu,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/kk6k52kr,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/7o9j094k,,,Ponziani Opening
https://lichess.org/sh4i8zjt,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/fw2v86px,,,Ponziani Opening: Jaenisch Counterattack
https://lichess.org/6ouv6oyp,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/lvifcakz,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/3dov35g5,,,Modern Defense: Mongredien Defense #2
https://lichess.org/z9zbbgzp,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/n2j4y31t,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/4mmguriu,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/si6iaxns,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/7akn9qwq,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/uasw9e99,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/75b5vbap,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/tervpmcl,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/kbord529,,,Trompowsky Attack: Classical Defense, Big Center Variation
https://lichess.org/1cich4we,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/95zni59v,,,French Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/q81m28yz,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Schallopp Defense
https://lichess.org/vvtnz8rp,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #4
https://lichess.org/vh3osilf,,,Slav Defense #3
https://lichess.org/303acupt,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/s0ybbscs,,,Van Geet Opening
https://lichess.org/wpnyp4rh,,,Petrov's Defense
https://lichess.org/kne5cvai,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/8lfdkltj,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/7nrqp83d,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Stonewall Attack
https://lichess.org/xqdndhry,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/m0sgonth,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/673yqld7,,,Italian Game: Hungarian Defense
https://lichess.org/x3t7ebuu,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Breyer Variation
https://lichess.org/98ksv3s8,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/npi7062w,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/9n1n86od,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/oup0lv2j,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/nbs0h7t5,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense, Improved Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/xnswm4zx,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack, Kiddie Countergambit
https://lichess.org/1nxos518,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Paulsen Attack
https://lichess.org/w83elzl3,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/7nno2pvu,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/3j80lg6s,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/3eup822v,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/tz50wejp,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/e31gj8b9,,,Petrov's Defense
https://lichess.org/0u3ybnp5,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/9wutrkt6,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Stamma Gambit
https://lichess.org/gayczlr8,,,King's Pawn Game: Beyer Gambit
https://lichess.org/2012djn7,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/ku4nv1bp,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Modern Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/78pgnaww,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/vae0jdkm,,,Modern Defense: Mongredien Defense #2
https://lichess.org/tyrx0xy1,,,King's Pawn Game: Nimzowitsch Defense
