https://lichess.org/kxrhdjs4,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/df74o4rz,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/4gtu0m3u,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Williams Variation
https://lichess.org/171xhvft,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/oc71k3jk,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Stonewall Attack
https://lichess.org/04vpge9y,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Stamma Gambit
https://lichess.org/56xme58o,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/takpew1i,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation
https://lichess.org/rdp8deaj,,,Zukertort Opening: Ross Gambit
https://lichess.org/7sysfmmt,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/ivdggmlj,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/osa0ctft,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/k8hsocsw,,,Englund Gambit Complex: Hartlaub-Charlick Gambit
https://lichess.org/fbah61gn,,,Sicilian Defense: Open
https://lichess.org/n3hxvh95,,,Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/hqgp2llu,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/n1p3u1pl,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/4k7ngcyr,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/f6654ebr,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/rhz7xqxy,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #3
https://lichess.org/gwpdq6t6,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/fxt0wg90,,,Semi-Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/3yuvec7a,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Stamma Gambit
https://lichess.org/0bbyib96,,,Petrov's Defense #2
https://lichess.org/pk6pf6y8,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/0pytpe44,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/hhh8zzxf,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/voqm56j8,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/cx1gywqn,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/sz7s21oi,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/7p22f2pq,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Reversed Sicilian
https://lichess.org/m1k48sjf,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Stamma Gambit
https://lichess.org/c7ifol0e,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/g0un3rfa,,,Pirc Defense #2
https://lichess.org/h87j4mp9,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/u11mr30k,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/n906ep09,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/bmvu0cj0,,,Indian Game: Pawn Push Variation
https://lichess.org/3l8thona,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/np6awibq,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/1f53i0zl,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/ff7bdcru,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/l72szhdg,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense
https://lichess.org/9cgsytm0,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/kjgxf4oe,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Baltic Defense
https://lichess.org/e2iazn2i,,,Caro-Kann Defense: von Hennig Gambit
https://lichess.org/q2w66byl,,,Ponziani Opening
https://lichess.org/s1bfbw4k,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/0awtm1ay,,,Catalan Opening
https://lichess.org/6i2j8i8j,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/17ln01cs,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Nimzowitsch System
https://lichess.org/qn41hevr,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/wt9dxh7h,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack, Fianchetto Variation
https://lichess.org/skzjvjuw,,,Vienna Game: Vienna Gambit
https://lichess.org/cb756cdf,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Traxler Counterattack, Knight Sacrifice Line
https://lichess.org/apl3qdlj,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/sr9g8ht2,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/pdbhe81y,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/rgu19354,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/c5qvepu7,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Breyer Variation
https://lichess.org/4gqwa7qo,,,Van Geet Opening
https://lichess.org/i8ucyhu6,,,Scotch Game: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/7zncxv7s,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/ff0vp6nt,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/zz80nrg1,,,Russian Game: Cozio (Lasker) Attack
https://lichess.org/otdp4z33,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/jphfmqad,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/mahv2obe,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/4yhsjngb,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/hfwkq7tn,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/e3pygb05,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/9suvg1xz,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/igycllzs,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/jfyvxrs9,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/5g6pdp3u,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/2bfkxrx3,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/j4txim86,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/8ofxnps8,,,Indian Game: Budapest Defense
https://lichess.org/5obwyx07,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/dtofan2b,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/9uflh8rt,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/hrytv9hd,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/nbfazftq,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/b4nmmggh,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/5gynaeax,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/ik66us25,,,Alekhine Defense: The Squirrel
https://lichess.org/7let749h,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/f6thpcmp,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/l9c2f6mt,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/yytuj1cx,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/1yp2a8s2,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: English Variation
https://lichess.org/mga8se6y,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/myxqj37z,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/wlvltp5y,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/qughv22x,,,Hungarian Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/hvhmbl2t,,,Hungarian Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/xtyif5k3,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/a0lpt4xp,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
https://lichess.org/iohhsw1x,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/dthnxsxj,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: English Variation
