https://lichess.org/z68xjyp8,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/u9ramt3k,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/4a7okikz,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/9ptzut7r,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/rqspfxov,,,Slav Defense: Modern
https://lichess.org/i74h6e5t,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation #2
https://lichess.org/zvpn6dci,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/wx03q5ee,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/4deaedax,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/28m2550a,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/6qu1ur4g,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/ihy3y8hj,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/1pahn8q1,,,Grob Opening: Grob Gambit, Fritz Gambit
https://lichess.org/nbgr6e3c,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/i3f6mvm7,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/d7tuzap9,,,French Defense: Advance, Steinitz Variation
https://lichess.org/79xhvrst,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/ln077a5c,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/xlxh9pwg,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/bsy4hd6z,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/lzi3284o,,,Englund Gambit Complex: Hartlaub-Charlick Gambit
https://lichess.org/vnu6v90k,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/hpd86wbg,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/63fpagag,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System
https://lichess.org/sa6br478,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/b2aeeew4,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/tplao1yo,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/isn6vp1o,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/4zi7k4qj,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Caro Variation
https://lichess.org/5r8soib2,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Stonewall Attack
https://lichess.org/47mgzqzj,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/22c9u266,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/n7q2hpn0,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System
https://lichess.org/wl9wm1ug,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/rz3jtses,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/ryxo7jpx,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/cwh1pg30,,,Ponziani Opening: Jaenisch Counterattack
https://lichess.org/9vte0kc7,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/am9r0psj,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Milner-Barry Gambit
https://lichess.org/pqot5f1o,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ry4sp9ec,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/jrv0zywp,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/2olxulfr,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/wosanrxb,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/i2rjxawc,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/fl8jvb48,,,Four Knights Game: Gunsberg Variation
https://lichess.org/9ggkayqr,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/p78pscf5,,,English Defense
https://lichess.org/jjiehusz,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/hty5sfsn,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/na5lxnje,,,Reti Opening #2
https://lichess.org/n2gntaam,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/uy0pyapn,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/jgt8vrdz,,,Bishop's Opening: Philidor Counterattack
https://lichess.org/k2pcazk5,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/a4krckv1,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/uvswb6m2,,,Grob Opening: Grob Gambit, Fritz Gambit
https://lichess.org/7xukb26h,,,Hungarian Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/gydtxx1s,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/tyn32np9,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/8o4fg5pw,,,Queen's Indian Defense: Anti-Queen's Indian System
https://lichess.org/gf4yjjpr,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/r6ntzxbs,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/arhb4vfw,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #4
https://lichess.org/5gzuyo1x,,,Colle System
https://lichess.org/n2le6jvy,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/46ghnaxa,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Rosenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/wlc8ipjs,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/wkdzudgd,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/e7qdlz24,,,Danish Gambit Declined, Sorensen Defense
https://lichess.org/40xbv5s9,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/1735b104,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/p2czgtpv,,,Alekhine Defense: Maroczy Variation
https://lichess.org/3s5f8vd1,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/l15n13e1,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/suhuzyuj,,,Ruy Lopez: Closed, 7...O-O
https://lichess.org/ucvz132w,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation, Greco Gambit, Main Line
https://lichess.org/mb5muwjj,,,Sicilian Defense: Wing Gambit, Carlsbad Variation
https://lichess.org/92n0brw7,,,King's Indian Defense: Zinnowitz Variation
https://lichess.org/q6shi4nb,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/ka8uf5sg,,,French Defense: Burn Variation
https://lichess.org/2borzysq,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System
https://lichess.org/q4c3godr,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
https://lichess.org/82k488lt,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Reversed Sicilian
https://lichess.org/56uzpzt4,,,Mexican Defense
https://lichess.org/83bbati5,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/5o33l7lm,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/59rszc5h,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/yv1kke9a,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/q6n924cx,,,Grob Opening: Grob Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/svmda3cf,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/xmtbzelw,,,Scotch Game: Goering Gambit, Double Pawn Sacrifice
https://lichess.org/63om98oh,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/xaee28bh,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/hqtsn6w3,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/szxrcfu7,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/j0qcuoau,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/5itn88r1,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/pla4xjnb,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/lctpxnyg,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
