https://lichess.org/pgexcptd,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Franco-Nimzowitsch Variation
https://lichess.org/bfv6hn5n,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Krause Variation
https://lichess.org/pigv10d6,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/66nmwl29,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/z72h4dxx,,,Richter-Veresov Attack
https://lichess.org/9tgh12hl,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/xzu096s9,,,Philidor Defense #4
https://lichess.org/1m9tneq4,,,Alekhine Defense: Balogh Variation
https://lichess.org/173nr12w,,,Mieses Opening: Reversed Rat
https://lichess.org/bczzcei1,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/mj51uhfp,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/2hqphezh,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/h920k1ee,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/wh7chxc9,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/ygne45og,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Modern Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/p5boe6zd,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/yalb08tz,,,Amazon Attack
https://lichess.org/p311z739,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/sze0kjg9,,,Sicilian Defense: Wing Gambit
https://lichess.org/0sii3owf,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/iz3kuxwr,,,Nimzowitsch-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/6x97bm4p,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/6r93z8d4,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/or2ehkmm,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/jl03mek8,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ppg1idh2,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/6cdvapfi,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/q7rnkwf7,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/l3hitxpa,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/w4egvmen,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/y930rez4,,,French Defense: Carlson Gambit
https://lichess.org/libef04k,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/dw671kma,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed Alekhine
https://lichess.org/forivgay,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/5nu4893z,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
https://lichess.org/qbw67wxd,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/7z9mqtbv,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/d2rve9ql,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/bybddwbz,,,Sicilian Defense: Dragon Variation
https://lichess.org/2eu6mdxs,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/veckecij,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/70crnlof,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/7vixiusc,,,English Opening: Anglo-Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/y0v7p1i6,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ikpqjs16,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/60ea4djn,,,Philidor Defense #4
https://lichess.org/tmixrj0x,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/kcca2jzm,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/alx3w2ym,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/i1qf8vjx,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/cgxx1jte,,,Bishop's Opening: Philidor Counterattack
https://lichess.org/73d54mkj,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/s44n0xy0,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/c036iwti,,,Italian Game: Schilling-Kostic Gambit
https://lichess.org/czt2tped,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/pz23tmeo,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Reversed Closed Sicilian
https://lichess.org/kamc66w1,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/yv7bshqj,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/6kcqvmss,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen Variation, Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/buas9rcr,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/ds5i16hv,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/gcur197n,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/gt7q5hvn,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/c3ll4jvz,,,Tarrasch Defense
https://lichess.org/9a1i1sdh,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/fpcy62cp,,,French Defense: Tarrasch Variation, Closed Variation, Main Line
https://lichess.org/lcqaj5vh,,,Modern Defense: Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/l0w8gj1g,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/bhdoiwfp,,,Ponziani Opening
https://lichess.org/nr5g30kn,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/5mm0wfys,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/q0zkia26,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/w2rlyygv,,,Italian Game: Schilling-Kostic Gambit
https://lichess.org/ww3zmc68,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/cuhrlqc1,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/tf0qfdvi,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/oohy7y0i,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/ioxq104w,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/rqoc6ued,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/g2qwfdhc,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/9aob273a,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System, Anti-Colle
https://lichess.org/1gfg8fsp,,,Philidor Defense #4
https://lichess.org/qced522h,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/rf8nfuo1,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/gqoc4pa6,,,Sicilian Defense: Open #3
https://lichess.org/2gc475su,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/gu8cvest,,,Vienna Game: Anderssen Defense
https://lichess.org/ti1upebs,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/vs7z6bp6,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/arob9u6w,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/f2fqmbio,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/sdezdpcj,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/dcqq5g56,,,Goldsmith Defense
https://lichess.org/le0iv6jr,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/nlwhz2qe,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation, Greco Gambit, Traditional Line
https://lichess.org/qnfiya9f,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/i6qtetk5,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Marshall Gambit
https://lichess.org/nzg2dx5n,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/fn5oxef1,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/tf31xamg,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Main Line
