https://lichess.org/2msbf469,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/o728e5i4,,,Scotch Game: Scotch Gambit
https://lichess.org/d69sxsuk,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/pn6wy4ui,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/1r4dc2d2,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/k390hman,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/b3y0jegv,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Rosenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/28b5mt0u,,,French Defense: Mediterranean Defense
https://lichess.org/mdhy9l5f,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/0wjl3z0n,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/v6corugh,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/38g37bet,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/95shu6h3,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ty4y3f0r,,,Latvian Gambit
https://lichess.org/h4tb012f,,,Slav Indian
https://lichess.org/l5pxiq2z,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Krause Variation
https://lichess.org/bfug6if0,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/an67ata6,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/hmp1vl1s,,,French Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/ludiqkaq,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/fkm1o28p,,,Zukertort Opening: Black Mustang Defense
https://lichess.org/78ifaz66,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/lptog3ey,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/15c95y2w,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/zz8p9it1,,,Indian Game: Seirawan Attack
https://lichess.org/y4yyqvel,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/a10kwz3t,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
https://lichess.org/x3vjb3zr,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/a1itho3i,,,Sicilian Defense: Loewenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/djv4qz36,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/2wqwd5qf,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/4fg0klx0,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/q6hy45mz,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/x5zro95d,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/8eou004l,,,Zukertort Opening: Pirc Invitation
https://lichess.org/r17cd1lh,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/quqnme1u,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/u3tpq0j3,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/fnrsww81,,,King's Indian Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/xe2hlcg5,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/r4g9ia0d,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/z7nkljvv,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/szypx90l,,,Petrov's Defense
https://lichess.org/zq18pcyi,,,Modern Defense: Averbakh System, Kotov Variation
https://lichess.org/dp3ezjjg,,,Anderssen Opening
https://lichess.org/r7cf97zi,,,Sicilian Defense: Open #3
https://lichess.org/2fz2vndp,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Semi-Tarrasch Defense
https://lichess.org/shspw717,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/x73zyt3l,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/m256hkf1,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/mo0cb7xe,,,French Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/ioon7rgz,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/8fbya2vr,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense
https://lichess.org/4dfqwl0i,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/vbw4t5ac,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/0ikw01ym,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/rz4s6rid,,,Center Game Accepted
https://lichess.org/tl9brrcx,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/m6vf0dh9,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/gycs8g72,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/e5u6v445,,,Zukertort Opening: Pirc Invitation
https://lichess.org/yna9u0z3,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/zzz0fsbf,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/hesbvjs9,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/vu8caikt,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Modern Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/z6z74ucf,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/dha2q82o,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/80gi152l,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/q8ues1e9,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/jqnknsi4,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/8t84izsq,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Krause Variation
https://lichess.org/63unkh6n,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/7mjug9ip,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/dc9kaq8l,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/w842whej,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/czmjtrgd,,,Scandinavian Defense: Panov Transfer
https://lichess.org/colvj77x,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Cunningham Defense
https://lichess.org/bhc8ysxb,,,Sicilian Defense: Najdorf Variation, Opocensky Variation
https://lichess.org/dms5kegp,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/1xii94hk,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/ehq96nh5,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/3pzgf1c4,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/2ri98m5e,,,French Defense: MacCutcheon Variation, Lasker Variation #2
https://lichess.org/3dmy9lmg,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Paulsen Attack
https://lichess.org/hjbfvda0,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/x69t8qbb,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Accelerated Mannheim Variation
https://lichess.org/1qvpssjo,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/gkvffawa,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/51krux1r,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/7p33btcd,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/l2do501d,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/2jvwetpe,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/xdyiz7kd,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/rljhl87l,,,Slav Defense #3
https://lichess.org/fbv7tdqd,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/alffwf6w,,,Indian Game: Anti-Nimzo-Indian
https://lichess.org/kot3g8r5,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/4olt6lcr,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/hg264qi5,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/3p3wc5qt,,,Philidor Defense: Philidor Countergambit, Zukertort Variation
