https://lichess.org/ayza4lp4,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/ny87isou,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/dgxb12r8,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/oqi6thlo,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/56u26u5n,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/gclvohr5,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/tvbjxydf,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/xxq3akfd,,,Sicilian Defense: Loewenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/ex7bxpq2,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/2rykesf5,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/eio2lccq,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/eci8c2xo,,,Kadas Opening
https://lichess.org/tr6flakl,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/qsj482kp,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/tr9p9zos,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/efaxytav,,,Hungarian Opening: Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/hdpel02h,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/3sxtxi3e,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/jr26feo9,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/j0j95nz6,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/5qg1iblv,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Stonewall Attack
https://lichess.org/41w4njjj,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen Variation
https://lichess.org/9pb8kvox,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/hiemcoxy,,,Englund Gambit Complex Declined
https://lichess.org/mk8ud9k3,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit
https://lichess.org/ils5o6t0,,,King's Pawn Game: Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/xclitdgn,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/l8anca90,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Austrian Defense
https://lichess.org/ithbcndg,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/juco2lps,,,Queen's Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/olbma8do,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/mm92i3q1,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/il5i00zl,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/0oqg5x2p,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/w84y7utk,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/4vtkjyuc,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/nyh5m0d6,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/rlbesgux,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/riwtdqt4,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/qvkuau12,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/5u8j6eeq,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/yisbw9zk,,,Vienna Game
https://lichess.org/d3cbfw3w,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/wos72gva,,,Ruy Lopez: Open Variations, Open Variation
https://lichess.org/orb9z8o3,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/wnx68p36,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/pwjdvs7k,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/14obt40h,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/0mrct6j3,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/8vl0lop0,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/mnf09owm,,,King's Gambit Declined, Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/9xlwgo2x,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Krause Variation
https://lichess.org/me9fs9j2,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/d99vxyrw,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/y2zarwbf,,,Van Geet Opening
https://lichess.org/3dm51pjz,,,Trompowsky Attack: Classical Defense
https://lichess.org/tm7w48gp,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/jq99ep1x,,,Vienna Game: Anderssen Defense
https://lichess.org/5aktza4u,,,Sicilian Defense: Godiva Variation
https://lichess.org/q80rhlq1,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/xjio835w,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/t79800mb,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/s9wib14l,,,French Defense: Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/zqe7r3f9,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/cjw8klgt,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/u2u0cfrz,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/miw4j15o,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/tbk44uyr,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/mp00gluc,,,Trompowsky Attack: Classical Defense
https://lichess.org/qe9bneec,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/h3ilkjwm,,,King's Indian Defense: Four Pawns Attack
https://lichess.org/2l05jg8h,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/cd3jzj54,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Saduleto Variation
https://lichess.org/zuedn63l,,,Slav Indian
https://lichess.org/r74tumeq,,,Alekhine Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/wp3dirm0,,,Caro-Kann Defense #2
https://lichess.org/i7mbddbv,,,Russian Game: Classical Attack, Jaenisch Variation
https://lichess.org/6a1czp9u,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/r2emnk11,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/acyh4i9g,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/cunkhtg6,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/3cj7y9n3,,,Sicilian Defense: Lasker-Dunne Attack
https://lichess.org/ipsvsacc,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/im8j6i2h,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation
https://lichess.org/xu7yimsw,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/vftlvoaf,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/fof0cj3z,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/qwypiwvc,,,Valencia Opening
https://lichess.org/vbwmx1jt,,,Sicilian Defense: Lasker-Dunne Attack
https://lichess.org/1md51bjm,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/6dogx7va,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/6jt3wpwh,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/yedyfstv,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/oz7ybeqw,,,Latvian Gambit: Mlotkowski Variation
https://lichess.org/aa40xkt9,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/dd7i99gc,,,East Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/j0tduwro,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/k10ecq7r,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/sa39gk5a,,,Trompowsky Attack: Classical Defense
https://lichess.org/6vg1464d,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense, Rio Gambit Accepted
