https://lichess.org/l3m04yf4,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/7tuo3msb,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/phmbdoio,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/sypnkdad,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/d2ocge8c,,,Benoni Defense: Old Benoni
https://lichess.org/ej0gedbm,,,Ware Defense
https://lichess.org/ucmy0io4,,,Owen Defense: Smith Gambit
https://lichess.org/340neeve,,,Torre Attack #2
https://lichess.org/hy360n2g,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/29tjqjae,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/yv2b57ud,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/zivkxl2t,,,French Defense: Queen's Knight
https://lichess.org/vvf6ex08,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/ayxphwa8,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/nqktj5tj,,,Zukertort Opening: Queenside Fianchetto Variation
https://lichess.org/k77vey66,,,Ware Opening
https://lichess.org/z6iz8id1,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Two Knights Attack
https://lichess.org/se3s9n46,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Bishop's Gambit
https://lichess.org/394wvd6y,,,Sicilian Defense: Lasker-Dunne Attack
https://lichess.org/1gfy5huo,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Saduleto Variation
https://lichess.org/rhegai7m,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/v2nfk23v,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed
https://lichess.org/x28tuql6,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/ei4grf3m,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/9fxwcktz,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/jyvx31to,,,Four Knights Game: Spanish Variation
https://lichess.org/ems6n43l,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/ri5r651j,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/3onl2v7r,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/v8w705dq,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/isomhkam,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/w3fzibcf,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/qrul0061,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/f0hgobqa,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/lgmdxqwx,,,Reti Opening
https://lichess.org/4zg5rrs8,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/gvd9iufx,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/1bkqu2x3,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation #2
https://lichess.org/1h9h82mk,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/9i481d6a,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/9o0182pq,,,Philidor Defense #4
https://lichess.org/soj4346f,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/io60164k,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/j0dig3qh,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/mrvlaogz,,,Vienna Game
https://lichess.org/usp2y0pj,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/i1qagwum,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/0ky79fjz,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/tecrwok1,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/wv7mr8we,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/6r967ft3,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/sd2u0se3,,,Ponziani Opening: Jaenisch Counterattack
https://lichess.org/29lv9m4x,,,Sicilian Defense: Delayed Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/1nbebmlu,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/7dgkthve,,,Italian Game: Schilling-Kostic Gambit
https://lichess.org/qsqovt6d,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/0hmydyr0,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/btseanrw,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/64hr7jnh,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Reversed Sicilian
https://lichess.org/xuh05a89,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/1qzur2qq,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/8tiunvxt,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Saemisch Variation, Accelerated
https://lichess.org/rakhjz5r,,,French Defense: Winawer Variation, Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/4vl6v49a,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/wfg9xnhi,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/0bobmcly,,,French Defense: Bird Invitation
https://lichess.org/du9v9n6s,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/xwocrt2g,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/s53273gf,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/t4n1ul63,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/7e6uw2jg,,,Sicilian Defense: Hyperaccelerated Dragon
https://lichess.org/qrrjijkk,,,Scandinavian Defense: Gubinsky-Melts Defense
https://lichess.org/m9akvlo4,,,Indian Game: Budapest Defense
https://lichess.org/d26lnxm2,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/yiqd7zns,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/5miygfff,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/tiraw8ez,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/1sh4tvmr,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/ji39htau,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/fzededq6,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/vccv02at,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/javfazfi,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/z8pu5xev,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/x802gwqd,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/1wi9pkno,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/4cnq5edd,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed
https://lichess.org/oscnxa73,,,Alekhine Defense: Two Pawn Attack
https://lichess.org/lkc9pwaq,,,Vienna Game
https://lichess.org/rbbc89bs,,,King's Pawn Game: Beyer Gambit
https://lichess.org/cgartctj,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/61a0p2c7,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/zcube49p,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/n0s34uqq,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Pseudo-Spanish Variation
https://lichess.org/2g78mouc,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation, Gligoric Variation
https://lichess.org/sw0bv1pt,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Reversed Sicilian
https://lichess.org/brss82yu,,,Italian Game: Evans Gambit, McDonnell Defense
https://lichess.org/3l2obf5h,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/18clui6z,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/62q7swrr,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed
https://lichess.org/r9i1e532,,,Hungarian Opening
