https://lichess.org/6swi9fn6,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/tadc8mfc,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/sutrr3yx,,,Queen's Gambit
https://lichess.org/qjjcxrn4,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/4gmwbxt5,,,Sicilian Defense: Franco-Sicilian Variation
https://lichess.org/773zui3c,,,King's Indian Defense: Saemisch Variation, Yates Defense
https://lichess.org/n7nyjta7,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/9av9y83i,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/ctveo3m0,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/l193nblk,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/acuf50yo,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/bwps4f34,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/2gl1q19t,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/ubcxemzu,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/awl5wtho,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/6zbxkee9,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Chigorin Defense
https://lichess.org/kxs85r4r,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/5p4v9z1g,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/lzyscf50,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/3ahk5r4o,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Albin Countergambit
https://lichess.org/ysta1vnz,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/apb605x4,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/v809rrny,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/o9v3p12q,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/m11xiq8y,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/3aj7n2i1,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/hx71qk07,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/k3jgus5t,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/8o3fcgxm,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Bishop's Gambit
https://lichess.org/66uf85wa,,,Danish Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/7auxlom8,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/0lvy8zx9,,,Vienna Game #2
https://lichess.org/d5i0a1wx,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Two Knights Attack
https://lichess.org/ikagf7y7,,,Vienna Game: Stanley Variation
https://lichess.org/8trbn1sh,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/8x0o85zk,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/0wu0nuf5,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/vms0z5f5,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/yrq9yl2q,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/7q36iul5,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #3
https://lichess.org/w0cegk5l,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Stonewall Attack
https://lichess.org/6gw91cr8,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/oafbp5m7,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/oeyf9ikq,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/6cs8laqc,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/tx2dcp5w,,,Sicilian Defense: Accelerated Dragon, Maroczy Bind
https://lichess.org/fk74b23d,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/4lcdspvs,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/il46w340,,,Zukertort Opening: Wade Defense
https://lichess.org/a01hsn1b,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/njxoprvs,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/j2eef3vn,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/4y5hjnb1,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/ibgvbks8,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/se5ej1ts,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation, Short Variation
https://lichess.org/n0cjk1xz,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/axvmw7gn,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/7jof9b8q,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit Accepted, Larsen Defense
https://lichess.org/7nou9hfs,,,Ware Defense
https://lichess.org/8c7p95rt,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/msl8hage,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/nix5f9mr,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/0trhxekj,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/7foihsid,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/mi2w79av,,,Sicilian Defense: Open #3
https://lichess.org/c3kqkp53,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Bishop's Gambit, Bledow Countergambit
https://lichess.org/kzrrxe8q,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/mx476nkz,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Tarrasch Defense, Pseudo-Tarrasch
https://lichess.org/5omclr9k,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Two Knights Attack
https://lichess.org/ki068ttn,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/4g0tn6h2,,,Zukertort Opening: Tennison Gambit
https://lichess.org/ofytbwwc,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/8rxg3bws,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/ojxex8f1,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/o25rl6u0,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/au3lj6x5,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/cuu6stms,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System, Gruenfeld Formation
https://lichess.org/a96yexiz,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/qj80chm6,,,Slav Defense: Steiner Variation
https://lichess.org/qnfccs4r,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/aplsvkbg,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/icv582mz,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit
https://lichess.org/lffk7tmj,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Main Line
https://lichess.org/ot31zwlj,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/55g73spb,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/dcfsjb46,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/xoanyby7,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/a6q7zak7,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/l2v6shoe,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/kn32rojo,,,Sicilian Defense: Accelerated Dragon, Maroczy Bind
https://lichess.org/089dzuqi,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/4fdkchb6,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/4n5xi4fe,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ebvyi7nu,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/yz3oese0,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/e5hqqksc,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Veresov Attack, Classical Defense
https://lichess.org/t0na0n0v,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/mqs355ra,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/w18sxq7r,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/rtfo4i0b,,,Slav Defense #2
