https://lichess.org/gz4gmfg8,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/p6szqx4m,,,Modern Defense: Averbakh Variation
https://lichess.org/2kb4hts7,,,Ware Defense
https://lichess.org/x0s47987,,,Slav Defense: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/p5apnkor,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/yyfgokey,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Normal Defense
https://lichess.org/f01dkpvt,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/vha5fzpj,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/p8va8nvf,,,Modern Defense: Three Pawns Attack
https://lichess.org/nwjzja7y,,,Yusupov-Rubinstein System
https://lichess.org/73m6f7k8,,,Sicilian Defense: Hyperaccelerated Dragon
https://lichess.org/j0hmhi5x,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/jcc24dd5,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/f1vv4fax,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/w2u9mrm8,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/6dj61aet,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/qibj90km,,,King's Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/bhk50gbq,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense #3
https://lichess.org/u94dj0vu,,,Slav Defense: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/n58g50g0,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/tk79rw2z,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/ovzt76wu,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/r9bplg25,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/eytujmp8,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/7u0acy12,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/klhzp1mb,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/g7a79f4p,,,King's Pawn Game: Beyer Gambit
https://lichess.org/v76p6iye,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Normal Defense
https://lichess.org/3g6e52qv,,,Grob Opening
https://lichess.org/lkiqwyhs,,,Alekhine Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/10gj68tb,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Classical Defense Deferred
https://lichess.org/qirpgbbb,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/6xc686iv,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/wcs6jx7q,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/tkjp5ss9,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/jk938a8x,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/1u0c50cp,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/pe185at3,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/8ovd8jd8,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/semikgv5,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/2zmeskjl,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/ti2jng0a,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/egwto3ho,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/q956fm51,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/ctkrptt1,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Krause Variation
https://lichess.org/peoyem9m,,,Bird Opening: From's Gambit, Lasker Variation
https://lichess.org/7dkqa0w9,,,Petrov's Defense #2
https://lichess.org/b3tfctdf,,,French Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/wng2hj86,,,Mikenas Defense
https://lichess.org/r2430ne9,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/lb3vnle5,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/43yrzh63,,,Sicilian Defense: Loewenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/9mauitjz,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/m6941w5j,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Accelerated Move Order
https://lichess.org/ugdpciph,,,Center Game: Hall Variation
https://lichess.org/tpli5po4,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/c1jm5dkd,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/iu9m7vs6,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/os65wh9d,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Veresov Attack, Fianchetto Defense
https://lichess.org/doogbopn,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/34dptr1b,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/t6c1or2u,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation, Zukertort Gambit
https://lichess.org/iaoo357a,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Accelerated Move Order
https://lichess.org/1hk74p7c,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/p9i8d0kf,,,Sicilian Defense: Hyperaccelerated Fianchetto
https://lichess.org/zf65igxg,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/04fte8cd,,,Budapest Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/z1l5xf0p,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/yg2wewxk,,,Philidor Defense: Lopez Countergambit
https://lichess.org/uiirp1oc,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/j3vupbc1,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/fqb8edq6,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/dnwi21y0,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/2lycw26l,,,Four Knights Game: Spanish Variation
https://lichess.org/840tmyhj,,,Scotch Game: Schmidt Variation
https://lichess.org/x143zg17,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/3o6hb6er,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/6wov5jyh,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense
https://lichess.org/gsitix3q,,,Vienna Game #2
https://lichess.org/icy6g9pn,,,Scotch Game: Schmidt Variation
https://lichess.org/408trh3l,,,Yusupov-Rubinstein System
https://lichess.org/dyf6nicu,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/kg1byzhw,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack, Kiddie Countergambit
https://lichess.org/ccmk0609,,,Sicilian Defense: Modern Variations, Main Line
https://lichess.org/obco3ix2,,,Sicilian Defense: Katalimov Variation
https://lichess.org/rmdeht2o,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/8saqb3ql,,,King's Gambit Accepted: Modern Defense #2
https://lichess.org/jekowiyq,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/8o8swmkl,,,French Defense: Schlechter Variation
https://lichess.org/4jdax1ep,,,Sicilian Defense: Hyperaccelerated Pterodactyl
https://lichess.org/0by3oarw,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/1cje24u3,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/5v6pzugb,,,Sicilian Defense: Hyperaccelerated Dragon
https://lichess.org/fkzweo2d,,,Center Game
https://lichess.org/flyxossw,,,Yusupov-Rubinstein System
https://lichess.org/ya91f3y5,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/96t4swum,,,Ruy Lopez: Closed Variations, Kholmov Variation
https://lichess.org/ptjcg655,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Accelerated Panov Attack, Open Variation
https://lichess.org/gtdtz7fd,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/77ql06av,,,Hungarian Opening: Sicilian Invitation
