https://lichess.org/xodvap81,,,Ware Opening
https://lichess.org/8ojw3acq,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Nimzowitsch Variation
https://lichess.org/tx7twa8g,,,Hungarian Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/iir2q97d,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/jb200jc9,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/kfkzm85u,,,Four Knights Game
https://lichess.org/x46cwj12,,,Vienna Game: Vienna Gambit
https://lichess.org/l1uughss,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/zolkaeok,,,Carr Defense
https://lichess.org/r1sqbpmf,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/qf6t2b4v,,,Four Knights Game
https://lichess.org/pnvmdkq6,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/gjoiyju4,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Karpov Variation
https://lichess.org/2gznyudc,,,Sicilian Defense: Canal Attack, Main Line
https://lichess.org/i8trrd8a,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/wm5d9o6y,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/v4z1rn1m,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/wxfr64wf,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/qffd9oi0,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/uvm022hc,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/4cbq4u92,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/ot8uiq0b,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/y8j0e595,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/dml7u9qm,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/fdot8qqp,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Breyer Variation
https://lichess.org/zxvgxv89,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/41ybtnuo,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Ragozin Variation
https://lichess.org/n8tfok0p,,,Sicilian Defense: Accelerated Dragon
https://lichess.org/ve5mukkd,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/se0kfgmd,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/d2ap9b4p,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Stamma Gambit
https://lichess.org/qyz2xow6,,,Sicilian Defense: Kan Variation, Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/s4pf794q,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack, Kiddie Countergambit
https://lichess.org/pkl8u6s9,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/0cv7hcye,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/nh3pgl95,,,Mikenas Defense
https://lichess.org/dcer8bka,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/1d71xlzd,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/g1merjdu,,,Russian Game: Damiano Variation
https://lichess.org/46fn2kni,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/ftmfjqx6,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Nimzowitsch System
https://lichess.org/x9uyatvk,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense, Tartakower Gambit
https://lichess.org/z9akl5xv,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/2ln5gf8p,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/smc01zeo,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense #2
https://lichess.org/saamo4nj,,,Scotch Game: Schmidt Variation
https://lichess.org/ejm5bger,,,Sicilian Defense: Canal Attack, Main Line
https://lichess.org/4lbqijxp,,,Danish Gambit Accepted, Copenhagen Defense
https://lichess.org/t4ia4ro0,,,Vienna Game: Falkbeer Variation
https://lichess.org/cgb1mir1,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/z2bnyt0p,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/vmi2lva8,,,Canard Opening
https://lichess.org/l89z3g6v,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/f8vaqyqk,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/dilpiopm,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/vemxcmlj,,,French Defense: Marshall Variation
https://lichess.org/08xrqmje,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/fgxzzhox,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/fwcvvauw,,,English Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/xz6su16b,,,Sicilian Defense: Delayed Alapin
https://lichess.org/du6i5tql,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/hnra5szv,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/wn3mg8n4,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/o6ar0gci,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/89mgs7ck,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/5uh6it0e,,,Trompowsky Attack
https://lichess.org/p9n54y0t,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/mby6qv48,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/o6g4nc5i,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/t1sv5760,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/oudhquk3,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/asp3breu,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/fov1212n,,,Vienna Game
https://lichess.org/lsxxa9ec,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/eabpevgi,,,Slav Defense: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/5zjpsmkt,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/tin2zcux,,,King's Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/zfdquy2b,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/hblamwog,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/u04wjlgc,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/p6l79yxg,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/6p8t4ply,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/rt62zdrb,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/ksq1ten5,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/5ehm0ggy,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/vt9pqjyk,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/mzx16c59,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/irvj41gr,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/229n0tc5,,,Canard Opening
https://lichess.org/32i1mr7k,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/zmdzscxs,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/vvgpm9f1,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/puo8bmzc,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/lyamw5ok,,,Scotch Game: Schmidt Variation
https://lichess.org/6106nuy6,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/cuvvwr45,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/9cpvvxlh,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/skmlmqp5,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Krause Variation
https://lichess.org/104rkwme,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/jpg0j48n,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
