https://lichess.org/9xgn3air,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/4qshm4qh,,,Hungarian Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/joem1eog,,,Zukertort Opening: Queen's Gambit Invitation
https://lichess.org/9bg8yacn,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Norwegian Variation
https://lichess.org/m534l4bq,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Reversed Closed Sicilian
https://lichess.org/uvo3s7ei,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/221e5l2q,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/zfycli6u,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Accelerated Move Order
https://lichess.org/jg2jqnle,,,Hungarian Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/d7u9m1ym,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/gnzx58c7,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Two Knights Attack
https://lichess.org/69d1apti,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/0sdhh1zs,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation #2
https://lichess.org/m6o8mcmx,,,Gruenfeld Defense
https://lichess.org/7f9jf82a,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/2194n59b,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Blachly Gambit
https://lichess.org/qhrbcuhd,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/vl50xtr2,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Modern Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/dwf18ka9,,,Hungarian Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/0o1zuv33,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation, Westerinen Attack
https://lichess.org/7ehw1dk7,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/10pzos43,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/l23ypyuw,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Accelerated Move Order
https://lichess.org/0ypvmu5e,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/i1dhz3fu,,,French Defense: Franco-Hiva Gambit II
https://lichess.org/i9id1uhy,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation, Linksspringer Variation
https://lichess.org/dk1xd9yh,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/kyioz1dd,,,Bogo-Indian Defense: Vitolins Variation
https://lichess.org/co3tnpws,,,Semi-Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/vamdp3h6,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/6d319yre,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/fumnu3pb,,,French Defense: Franco-Hiva Gambit II
https://lichess.org/v5vob3zf,,,Italian Game: Rousseau Gambit
https://lichess.org/5eu1k1dv,,,Hungarian Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/3mo1er93,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/p8sy1er1,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/y185kjii,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/kvj6fpy5,,,Modern Defense: Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/cd0q7mfo,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/9xsojcpg,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/m3htu8h7,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/th4j0skw,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation, Westerinen Attack
https://lichess.org/zg1havu3,,,French Defense: Franco-Hiva Gambit II
https://lichess.org/hy7yfg5b,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/awxykndm,,,Ruy Lopez: Nuernberg Variation
https://lichess.org/ahlvyzg6,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/1to0mrmz,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/okxlr3xi,,,English Opening: Anglo-Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/lyvnv0hq,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/3axutsjm,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/g0xkjcqt,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/9jmot0le,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/8awqzur0,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/p2vcdzzd,,,Hungarian Opening: Slav Formation
https://lichess.org/girh61g1,,,Modern Defense: Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/f20njklj,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/idui55g0,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen Variation
https://lichess.org/yyz18gbc,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Fischer Defense
https://lichess.org/3wytmw4t,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/er8jztma,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/vgwwa3c0,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/uc0xscb2,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/42isxrj5,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/82b6mx55,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/p7yjetwl,,,French Defense: Franco-Hiva Gambit II
https://lichess.org/27y3hrwy,,,Sicilian Defense: Accelerated Dragon, Modern Variation
https://lichess.org/6iduid8l,,,French Defense: Franco-Hiva Gambit II
https://lichess.org/14tpfzy4,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/kbzg4du0,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/5ikdff5n,,,English Opening: Anglo-Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/o7y2bp95,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Ragozin Defense, Vienna Variation
https://lichess.org/omjvkwlg,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/vyiextel,,,Englund Gambit Complex: Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/wlzuc8tj,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen Variation, Szen Variation
https://lichess.org/nfwc0934,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/49kjcm8s,,,French Defense: Franco-Hiva Gambit I
https://lichess.org/rw8tpzpe,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/g91yyr51,,,Hungarian Opening: Slav Formation
https://lichess.org/g7lw2gek,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/kpibj80p,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/dlkqddrk,,,Center Game
https://lichess.org/3y0xzhzo,,,Italian Game: Rousseau Gambit
https://lichess.org/9uwxpkrx,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/q4eeo066,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/2aapijj1,,,English Opening: Anglo-Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/c5h1gv9n,,,French Defense: Franco-Hiva Gambit I
https://lichess.org/9i3omiph,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/vhhtq7xo,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/j815ba1p,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation, Paulsen Attack
https://lichess.org/kzspkqer,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/yoy7mlgz,,,Queen's Indian Defense: Kasparov Variation
https://lichess.org/05qair2t,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/v5s18bw4,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/5nn6spf3,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/es95d5oj,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/ap67bs4i,,,Ruy Lopez: Bird Variation
https://lichess.org/nolprd6c,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/d2aa95an,,,King's Pawn Game: Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/y665j8rd,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/a6adnhmv,,,King's Pawn Game
