https://lichess.org/jdkad1bq,,,King's Indian Defense: Zinnowitz Variation
https://lichess.org/x6bqne0c,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/xg49aiqn,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/h1zkx6ed,,,Mikenas Defense
https://lichess.org/j5amz0ns,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/fpm21jjo,,,Dutch Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/1kce3kf0,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/445lclox,,,King's Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/zhw5s0pp,,,Vienna Game: Vienna Gambit
https://lichess.org/6shkoqwg,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/2gkcd4lt,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/gnscztxi,,,Alekhine Defense: Maroczy Variation
https://lichess.org/sp3883pp,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/jzqtfjr6,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/qf36rdmo,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Veresov Attack, Alburt Defense
https://lichess.org/ha1cbqoa,,,Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/j4c9s19n,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/d9nf900q,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/2sc2j53u,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Ryder Gambit
https://lichess.org/y4dlyl52,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/mbtbgx1i,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/bp6hyo46,,,Zukertort Opening: Sicilian Invitation
https://lichess.org/0ps8z12b,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Three Knights System
https://lichess.org/qmbvsxtt,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/5qjyrk77,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/q4swu83n,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/gpl4svl1,,,Franco-Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/sgc3dvcg,,,Ponziani Opening
https://lichess.org/m3wotki3,,,Mikenas Defense: Lithuanian Variation
https://lichess.org/zdxpizf6,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/ml8dicff,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/6j1e0kex,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/0cd8kwiq,,,King's Indian Defense: Four Pawns Attack
https://lichess.org/4vkxj5tu,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Pseudo-Tarrasch Variation
https://lichess.org/8bd2lno3,,,Zukertort Opening: Pirc Invitation
https://lichess.org/w48jtpzh,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/ci8me13l,,,Mikenas Defense
https://lichess.org/49g4wsel,,,Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/d9dp1n3h,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/xlizbeb4,,,Zukertort Opening: Queenside Fianchetto Variation
https://lichess.org/fyg6nukz,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/cvoepo4l,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/m4w88hwo,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/pu5gpjyk,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/580dckwu,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/1x9nps6u,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/dhtvxz0t,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: 4.Bg5 Be7
https://lichess.org/9oruotqe,,,Anderssen Opening
https://lichess.org/bbnapl8i,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/83h3si9r,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/6kzt7edd,,,Scotch Game: Relfsson Gambit
https://lichess.org/v18zco1e,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/cpf390b1,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/vlramc5j,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/1c5mbjh0,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/21xpcusr,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/ykpg3sf5,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/9gria6mc,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/gzox6app,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/jmjdcxp9,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Central Variation, Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/ge2760x0,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/cenqyb4d,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Veresov Attack, Alburt Defense
https://lichess.org/d0qiz3z7,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/y9tyu6bq,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/88qxk4g4,,,Portuguese Opening
https://lichess.org/svo0wviz,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/s7nhzxbn,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/fuy6tfwc,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/kq2exi0s,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/53oqylwk,,,Nimzowitsch-Larsen Attack: Polish Variation
https://lichess.org/fbjo1gs8,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/8l2wehmo,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/4g9ax7og,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/qj86bi1s,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/jd21zxg5,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Paulsen Attack
https://lichess.org/aqmujkbq,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/79ua9hn1,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/2qa762ng,,,Four Knights Game: Spanish Variation, Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/8iwewvel,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/0u26zasf,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/uynehpmt,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/7mtw7d4m,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/0qcq0u52,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/xv4qcu6d,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/akeg3404,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/j3h82yxs,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Franco-Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/bxtz8p4q,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/2puf78r2,,,Pirc Defense: Roscher Gambit
https://lichess.org/g734z8gf,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/b5dvbg7a,,,Ponziani Opening: Jaenisch Counterattack
https://lichess.org/dktwmmo4,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Levitsky Attack
https://lichess.org/bf6m7ak5,,,Amazon Attack
https://lichess.org/7x2by78e,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/548hvszu,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/gmy797gg,,,Vienna Game: Zhuravlev Countergambit #2
https://lichess.org/3didkqd3,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/rhmi2ghx,,,Petrov: Modern Attack
https://lichess.org/mkn94296,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/m37lcbom,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/ad69n39h,,,Philidor Defense
