https://lichess.org/zuhan90y,,,Indian Game: Seirawan Attack
https://lichess.org/v370nya7,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/d5zl2qmo,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/3u9du7s7,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Anglo-Slav Opening
https://lichess.org/ye75bvf4,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/p25vxvfm,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/thejxs8q,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/99cgms2p,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/0ak86log,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/k2zwvkre,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/ck5ealh3,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/rwgimfch,,,Polish Opening: Czech Defense
https://lichess.org/y4lfa7i1,,,Sicilian Defense: Open #3
https://lichess.org/oxzlm17p,,,Colle System #2
https://lichess.org/xrbh9265,,,Goldsmith Defense
https://lichess.org/givxjh0b,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/oi7mhp1t,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/kh8wdo3e,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/3oftg5uu,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/geq3odob,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/4tqhxnrq,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/4pkmoe87,,,Benoni Defense: Modern Variation
https://lichess.org/ie77tpdh,,,Ponziani Opening
https://lichess.org/k7z3ht71,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/z9xtnjzv,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/illmqe1e,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/67wx023x,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/a7plpzbe,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen-Basman Defense
https://lichess.org/nvp2qizk,,,Indian Game: West Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/4z9mt14s,,,Elephant Gambit: Paulsen Countergambit
https://lichess.org/h3s2qtyw,,,Catalan Opening: Open Defense
https://lichess.org/zupmy5dn,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/bo735l40,,,Slav Defense: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/yyxpnlx4,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/z2h1iwdl,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/47fvn16a,,,Philidor Defense #4
https://lichess.org/sj8x7nzk,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/4szm1n8t,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/jwzppm35,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/c5fozx6l,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/uy7g3pqr,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/92wdupek,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/uaq4v5tz,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/vau7dv0j,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/5ht805ld,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/8e9q6geb,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/fcone8yo,,,Alekhine Defense: Two Pawn Attack, Lasker Variation
https://lichess.org/q3dtum8x,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/nxdsica7,,,Sicilian Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/3f1tmxtw,,,Polish Defense: Spassky Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/h6esukp3,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Scandinavian Variation, Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/nnqry7f3,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/p7vhr8ek,,,Alekhine Defense: Balogh Variation
https://lichess.org/vfsbtn40,,,Kadas Opening
https://lichess.org/udnkap1b,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/qgeufhfi,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/onfcx0dt,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/9sv7tyb2,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/7o30aj9z,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/edl4c386,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/kv2p2hco,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/mry21i7j,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/wifgm10n,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: English Variation
https://lichess.org/pjek8ix0,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/l1jucbe1,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/twu0fu15,,,Italian Game: Hungarian Defense
https://lichess.org/cpa4glys,,,Zukertort Opening: Queenside Fianchetto Variation
https://lichess.org/tn4ov22j,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Salvio Gambit
https://lichess.org/8ywyl9iv,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/d8o2fym7,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Four Knights Variation #2
https://lichess.org/5dfgit0u,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/p1imbp6f,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/z0wn2cdj,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/u9zvuzuv,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/0d9sdvpz,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/2edsbu4a,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/lwawwsnt,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/q1tzxz26,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/8cxfxp06,,,Amazon Attack
https://lichess.org/t67xugma,,,Mikenas Defense
https://lichess.org/pgwpwaog,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/bodhdh6f,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/3v0x7xm5,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/3cj9pakc,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/47bjrz8b,,,Ponziani Opening
https://lichess.org/qxnlx7z9,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/tgzr25x0,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/16rptu69,,,Zukertort Opening: Kingside Fianchetto
https://lichess.org/3zhso6ad,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/5r784bm5,,,Dutch Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/8xt77174,,,Alekhine Defense: Maroczy Variation
https://lichess.org/yihs7cz1,,,Vienna Game: Vienna Gambit, Steinitz Variation
https://lichess.org/difh6fgm,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/e7eff059,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/k34kihw6,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/nt9ij1kl,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/wnajtp7v,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/iy2e4kc8,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Scandinavian Variation, Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/ijqesw6k,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/odcx8s3o,,,French Defense: Steiner Variation
