https://lichess.org/2fm67d4z,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/3hzh1s8v,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/yfeuw3ag,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/5xc9c9ha,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/fps60b67,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/jqtxrfll,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/zrh67zlm,,,Pirc Defense #5
https://lichess.org/j6j3tvia,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/4dbt5fbv,,,Scotch Game: Goering Gambit, Double Pawn Sacrifice
https://lichess.org/o8rjsw2l,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/ocfrvuvj,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Teichmann Variation
https://lichess.org/4p5fjgaq,,,Nimzowitsch Defense, Declined Variation
https://lichess.org/rjo4vmsi,,,Slav Defense: Chameleon Variation
https://lichess.org/z4poukiu,,,Old Indian Defense: Janowski Variation
https://lichess.org/99gemdhy,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/exjpt7nz,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/7hn0swzx,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/dldn0rse,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/pwje1vut,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/vjoosarm,,,Zukertort Opening: Kingside Fianchetto
https://lichess.org/nbttud1n,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/voffb1m6,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/aeox2pds,,,Pirc Defense
https://lichess.org/30vo3pww,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ssakhv2d,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/ianpqf0m,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/p752qhzw,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/9vwm1hir,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/jzczzqjz,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/1bg0ped8,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation Accepted
https://lichess.org/urmtp7gs,,,Vienna Game: Max Lange Defense
https://lichess.org/6u62l774,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/ld7c0g8c,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/so6fntjm,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/txvg6lm5,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/v6gr8rlh,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/bf88ddvq,,,Van Geet Opening
https://lichess.org/pklep0le,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/oejsy3r1,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/9vebqsij,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/dhgf12xu,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/bz3idrs9,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/tsuqez36,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/kfqgk7w5,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/8ky33sqp,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/yid9m8zd,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/iisonrdt,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/uxyd4vcn,,,Philidor Defense: Philidor Countergambit
https://lichess.org/h37qne0j,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/97lzw687,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/lqqfkzxa,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed Variation
https://lichess.org/53tkln9g,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/0d0ve3w8,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/hbeipsrs,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/bjatdfe7,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/vhgapc33,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/2gal57ya,,,King's Pawn Game: Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/9fxs412e,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/p9se55zw,,,Budapest Defense: Adler Variation
https://lichess.org/6ytbz6wh,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/yxp1yu36,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/xb2a58oa,,,Sicilian Defense: Closed #2
https://lichess.org/1ecx46sd,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Central Variation, Alekhine System
https://lichess.org/2t5b2fgz,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/bbvk4avt,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/e9hojha5,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/ocoyymjq,,,Modern Defense: Geller's System
https://lichess.org/sq3vkpdk,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/4myd8s8a,,,French Defense: Marshall Variation
https://lichess.org/hwy8w8qv,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/6ic57w4u,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Exchange Variation, Positional Variation #2
https://lichess.org/dx8mo4je,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/nqb9z8d5,,,Queen's Pawn Game: London System
https://lichess.org/kfqph1k2,,,Four Knights Game: Double Spanish
https://lichess.org/iikg1gxm,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/2fqrhli1,,,Ruy Lopez: Bird Variation
https://lichess.org/ol1c9dxp,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/o91ekapc,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/ezzlgr0r,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/ibtyttj1,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/cszrpusk,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/mrni7ptf,,,Scotch Game: Scotch Gambit, Goering Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/nay114be,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/53vc77oz,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/gjssmw6h,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Scandinavian Variation, Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/qq69mavp,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/5qd54t2b,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/4k4py1ug,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/lbrti0by,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/7xori7bq,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/coqmqe2u,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/c2yqd1hm,,,Sicilian Defense: Nyezhmetdinov-Rossolimo Attack
https://lichess.org/gaq4zlh4,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/rvpilosm,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/xitjkkaw,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/gh12kadf,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Saduleto Variation
https://lichess.org/7tw0dpfq,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/z29rnmwt,,,Gruenfeld Defense
https://lichess.org/5ppue10f,,,Petrov: Modern Attack
https://lichess.org/mpfg4vqx,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
