https://lichess.org/6lkf68s2,,,Goldsmith Defense
https://lichess.org/ylss3tsi,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/0g0819ve,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/awdepxdf,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/b5vcpsl2,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Fischer Defense
https://lichess.org/2nv103nn,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/jee2xy8j,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/gilhxaau,,,Petrov's Defense #2
https://lichess.org/qdku3e9u,,,Ponziani Opening
https://lichess.org/fok1ldij,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/i7q9ozlq,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/582us8ke,,,French Defense: Horwitz Attack
https://lichess.org/brlkr5z5,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/kyicrcpw,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/bd7g2van,,,French Defense: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/tntpio39,,,Benoni Defense: Cormorant Gambit
https://lichess.org/iaw2d1fg,,,Ruy Lopez: Marshall Attack
https://lichess.org/j6r66wp6,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/bqqu12tu,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/qh48k1a2,,,Old Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/x9jk3dt9,,,Elephant Gambit: Paulsen Countergambit
https://lichess.org/jg36n8vn,,,Dutch Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/m26ewruh,,,Modern Defense: Norwegian Defense
https://lichess.org/u9elvvyf,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen Variation
https://lichess.org/1c11g4jo,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/yaav8fvj,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/dadn33xl,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Austrian Defense
https://lichess.org/uu8mwc5j,,,King's Pawn Game: Maroczy Defense
https://lichess.org/6mfs2b0n,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/juamydnl,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Krause Variation
https://lichess.org/ze81ft8h,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Fischer Defense
https://lichess.org/6ki19685,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/8ibv7ba3,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/7br4j7nm,,,English Opening: Anglo-Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/qph8q9wt,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/ykfk35vk,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/x03sddb5,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/lm73rkht,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/cl5qx4n3,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/i9bb0khl,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/2ra7ousc,,,Goldsmith Defense
https://lichess.org/tbo276tp,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Scandinavian Variation, Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/qz5189b3,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/8dpachh7,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/mgbjj9ub,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/szoaqcei,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, de Riviere Gambit
https://lichess.org/ckv2fm4b,,,Colle System
https://lichess.org/evmymcuo,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/grz9k57c,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/3x6x1p7q,,,Dutch Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/gmn4obyk,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/wmi9w8ug,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/8vdfn167,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ghm7ryer,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation, Open
https://lichess.org/21uekk0g,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/oshfulph,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/0t9kk4ng,,,Vienna Game: Max Lange Defense
https://lichess.org/li40u89k,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/ips7dd8w,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/z55ikw4c,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/39nro3g5,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/v8spt1ik,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/0r0870op,,,Polish Opening: Czech Defense
https://lichess.org/zx0toq9x,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/lqyrfaws,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/j5s1nnez,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Modern Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/yzj7dolj,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System
https://lichess.org/qvsvt2qt,,,Alekhine Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/bsq9n42w,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/38n9y2ln,,,Sicilian Defense: Najdorf Variation
https://lichess.org/cwfat2f6,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/au2ks297,,,Danish Gambit Accepted, Chigorin Defense
https://lichess.org/1psgkv9r,,,Dutch Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/4uh9iftk,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/pcuxndum,,,Ponziani Opening: Jaenisch Counterattack
https://lichess.org/r1b6p2ii,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/bjgzxykb,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Normal Defense
https://lichess.org/mjfntemc,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: English Variation
https://lichess.org/mon3mnd6,,,Four Knights Game: Spanish Variation
https://lichess.org/46wc46a8,,,Sicilian Defense: Loewenthal Variation
https://lichess.org/geeyv0g9,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/yz87x312,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/31plg6xw,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/quh2tq4w,,,Sicilian Defense: Four Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/y00a3qdq,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/4imu6dg3,,,King's Pawn Game: Dresden Opening
https://lichess.org/ixq1f8ku,,,Sicilian Defense: Najdorf Variation, Opocensky Variation
https://lichess.org/ootojrdn,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/87shj9bj,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/ott2mxrj,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #2
https://lichess.org/yxvuoeu7,,,French Defense: Steiner Variation
https://lichess.org/s5fwej4a,,,Sicilian Defense: Najdorf Variation, English Attack
https://lichess.org/zl0dgio0,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/x5dz1o9a,,,King's Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/n9xz0uww,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/xxr7fuqp,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Modern Variation
https://lichess.org/m5ntjjz1,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/y0q56cef,,,Dutch Defense: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/3cvw0z3y,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/2xuyoerv,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
