https://lichess.org/yylf8dlv,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/58jk7tpb,,,Semi-Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/3ud89fdk,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/solaup38,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/8xaigxn1,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/1orl4egk,,,Barnes Defense
https://lichess.org/tcibn27t,,,Polish Defense
https://lichess.org/ahoyu6v7,,,English Opening: Agincourt Defense
https://lichess.org/lrg3px75,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/lxnonqiz,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/vny96w85,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/tkb9a5b2,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/d6rbthnh,,,French Defense: Bird Invitation
https://lichess.org/0qggneoa,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/ttq076j6,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/zbuyglik,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/56iw2g9b,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/0v6w7pwa,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/cnplu5eu,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/wf8cnxbr,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Modern Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/p5mt2qfw,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/ss5usti8,,,Reti Opening
https://lichess.org/onbdmlyr,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/0fbdln1s,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/50hxie15,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/k1ptjnf9,,,Mikenas Defense
https://lichess.org/ihdtieqh,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/zfzweqp0,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/anb2sub9,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/b9cqy7pw,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/eaur7rzc,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Krause Variation
https://lichess.org/akdvlt1s,,,Petrov's Defense #2
https://lichess.org/jfo0qc58,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/4fa06v3b,,,Russian Game: Damiano Variation
https://lichess.org/88ij5yxu,,,Dutch Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/3d1rruoj,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/vsxuutne,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/fpmq35iq,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/ind6xajr,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/0kfnisl1,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/t2tipt07,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/3qs0udw4,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/upo8fihl,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/by8clzba,,,Zukertort Opening: Pirc Invitation
https://lichess.org/1xgwc4vf,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Breyer Variation
https://lichess.org/bpmxbkq2,,,King's Gambit, Falkbeer Countergambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/cfkht5lf,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Franco-Nimzowitsch Variation
https://lichess.org/0xztk9ll,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/7lejyq7e,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/883lmdw2,,,Dutch Defense: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/9gq61pz5,,,French Defense: Bird Invitation
https://lichess.org/65hgbghg,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/amdxf0si,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/yfihnuk5,,,Ruy Lopez: Bird Variation
https://lichess.org/6l2hyjed,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/12yxffh3,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/yi5ji7ww,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit Accepted, Pin Defense
https://lichess.org/hr7t7kkh,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/sr5g2v9h,,,Dutch Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/66ibhnua,,,Englund Gambit Declined, Reversed French
https://lichess.org/zxrg6g58,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/zcw70cv3,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Botvinnik Variation
https://lichess.org/opwibgxa,,,Sicilian Defense: Kan Variation, Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/lqf11sr9,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/tv3wwc04,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/bp0ijofd,,,Ponziani Opening: Jaenisch Counterattack
https://lichess.org/j1je7yu0,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/n7hjlr1m,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/7odk3big,,,King's Gambit Declined, Queen's Knight Defense
https://lichess.org/h2vwkde2,,,Catalan Opening: Open Defense
https://lichess.org/eeynd1nq,,,Mexican Defense
https://lichess.org/gk9mwd69,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/njeeqd2e,,,Sicilian Defense: Kan Variation, Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/03ykq3wp,,,Rat Defense: Harmonist
https://lichess.org/nxea934o,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/02mbs638,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/42gfudmf,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/m7hgolqz,,,Duras Gambit
https://lichess.org/k5k1sk4s,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/0pf4ypu1,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/uvuz15dm,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/evo09wr6,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/iab896a7,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/bce35lnu,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/dl0z5kq7,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/lo0zrmo4,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/d3l5nlqf,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/dj7o5820,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation, Albin Gambit
https://lichess.org/9hve3sri,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/leyuiy9n,,,Alekhine Defense: Two Pawn Attack
https://lichess.org/zmn9ec56,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/vu82m170,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/5y4xddbc,,,Sicilian Defense: Dragon Variation, Classical Variation #2
https://lichess.org/ckuvxjht,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/18psvikz,,,Dutch Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/azd1tttg,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/6nkzqp1x,,,Indian Game: Anti-Nimzo-Indian
https://lichess.org/olmg8ma3,,,Paleface Attack
https://lichess.org/ttf6i7v2,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/g3091b8v,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
