https://lichess.org/vxzt1a3m,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/59nps3y3,,,Mikenas Defense
https://lichess.org/f17kfphq,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/yp4vw443,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/9gvoc1lt,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Accelerated Panov Attack, Open Variation
https://lichess.org/nlbppu04,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/j511msja,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/mcg5ca3f,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/l1h0rr7e,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/x0fmp84a,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/4ln8p8w5,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/la0nt7s9,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/8yhqds9s,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/ui64qpoy,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/ck6csd7m,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Vienna Variation
https://lichess.org/ojkipwx3,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/4zg91su5,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/7rpx3b3e,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/klm76xvy,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/o5rdmtgi,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/12c5dyb3,,,Lion Defense: Anti-Philidor, Lion's Cave
https://lichess.org/z8esvglp,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/issy4zx0,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/14m5iee8,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Scandinavian Variation, Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/6onabpbb,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/3umgs2xj,,,Canard Opening
https://lichess.org/3zns4r1h,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #2
https://lichess.org/v5j6j4tq,,,English Opening: Symmetrical Variation, Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/of9y8ems,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/jhr2q5o6,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/832eyzgb,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/nc8rq8de,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/ge0gwpcl,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/key3yfds,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/z6g087ux,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/bhjuyrux,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/sz5cdhwp,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/6r1hc9sh,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/1devobda,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/805t7bhz,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Nimzowitsch System
https://lichess.org/98mj9gw5,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/4c6focye,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/6tan7ldx,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/l8nj3gkx,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/v2dprkzp,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Normal Defense
https://lichess.org/xtvegnas,,,Vienna Game
https://lichess.org/pmtdif3c,,,Alekhine Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/r4kvze30,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/0kn8thpd,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/rd1pu3af,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/l5w321ux,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Vienna Variation
https://lichess.org/gq3eshi1,,,Semi-Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/4ogs90t3,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/b5psjxcg,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/d7cvrqnt,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/h5zg61et,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/lj6qiynq,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/5boxt60y,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/wjy260tm,,,Dutch Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/ukjdlux9,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/k3x3eetz,,,Semi-Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/1agm5myk,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/x4t1euav,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/f1hohmut,,,Sicilian Defense: Dragon Variation
https://lichess.org/9ttwbsia,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/onmwrb47,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/8r2v6gkq,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/dqhmp1xa,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/a25ucmx7,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Goldman Variation
https://lichess.org/qqadggmu,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, de Riviere Gambit
https://lichess.org/rrou7k9c,,,Alekhine Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/q3jv1e56,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/582tkejl,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/5tkrrjnt,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/rf7vgjfr,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/qydmrlbh,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/86ts9u36,,,Petrov: Modern Attack
https://lichess.org/nxbzu0a7,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/u8w46efc,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense
https://lichess.org/in78qdb0,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Panov Attack, Gunderam Attack
https://lichess.org/ukjg9jr2,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation
https://lichess.org/n5rlaihj,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/8vb24eld,,,Dutch Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/kybjk1l7,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/778mhoj2,,,Old Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/qx7p4nr7,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/8ojkrolm,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/zj16xrrx,,,Sicilian Defense: Delayed Alapin
https://lichess.org/mkmoop5r,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/49ttic6d,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/s9lrr2rf,,,Sicilian Defense: Marshall Counterattack
https://lichess.org/mwy2xajc,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/2f3hf8f7,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/kf1bppwn,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/b6e01k0o,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/tomko06m,,,Philidor Defense: Morphy Gambit
https://lichess.org/dpqm6l71,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/dxoq4453,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Krause Variation
https://lichess.org/i7as7800,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/7cso80ja,,,Caro-Kann Defense
