https://lichess.org/agwnqsxn,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/ykn9plsv,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/nuhunx9k,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/1q03c8di,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/ri3aozx4,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/gjm3ref1,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/ygbo9uxq,,,Reti Opening #2
https://lichess.org/zm0jhlkh,,,French Defense: Perseus Gambit
https://lichess.org/fw7343b0,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/r3it8kqo,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/cz8mr0hu,,,Italian Game: Schilling-Kostic Gambit
https://lichess.org/glxq4zob,,,Ware Opening
https://lichess.org/b4w1pb08,,,Latvian Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/i4smmisd,,,Alekhine Defense
https://lichess.org/74lajbw5,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/rldmjhmb,,,Slav Defense: Geller Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/57ufq1oo,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/384uuoh3,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack, Kiddie Countergambit
https://lichess.org/j3i5jsjo,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation, Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/hzms80o9,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/0fob4bbh,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/segwgr43,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/62hehygs,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/g61rptbj,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/eosz1e0d,,,Dutch Defense: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/ba93ecqp,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/l16fgyo3,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/80xfyjh2,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/grurd9ar,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen Variation
https://lichess.org/w8sx0zz0,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/bwx018gl,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/s7uqbpck,,,Sicilian Defense: Morphy Gambit
https://lichess.org/zzw7fuie,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/40cxw69j,,,Barnes Defense
https://lichess.org/8z53a2s1,,,Sicilian Defense: Kan Variation, Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/pbyvvf2o,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/9ix9v8cm,,,French Defense: Queen's Knight
https://lichess.org/1u8tie53,,,Sicilian Defense: Wing Gambit
https://lichess.org/99b6e57i,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/2y1nu09o,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/f9jz0cjv,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/7n8fuczx,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/wx7vln0o,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/v8i7ykd5,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/ecxno76z,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/f5qs84bw,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/id3mube8,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/miydh8hq,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/8qe9u7ph,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Ragozin Variation
https://lichess.org/u6qpxpc5,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/hnoa6p5x,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/dcnkbks7,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/2wdal3eo,,,English Opening: Anglo-Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/v1lrqr7w,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/hvpwerst,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/e3nc687d,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/eevse9pw,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/v1zzllva,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/js1t8o74,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/2250lhu7,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/0d310mwn,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/jr8r8413,,,Sicilian Defense: Kan Variation, Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/jp2gywqk,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/7x41zpg9,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/3jxlt6kq,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/57tvqane,,,Zukertort Opening: Reversed Mexican Defense
https://lichess.org/l3d8w3xn,,,Scotch Game: Mieses Variation
https://lichess.org/2g3g6gtk,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/zybx54q7,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/l1susjlp,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/lb4mp0sc,,,Indian Game: Pawn Push Variation
https://lichess.org/y7ussjbh,,,King's Pawn
https://lichess.org/ijf0bwia,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/3oafl7az,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/xihjclrj,,,Sicilian Defense: Snyder Variation
https://lichess.org/20shr0up,,,Vienna Game: Vienna Gambit
https://lichess.org/jnmhm4e0,,,Englund Gambit Complex Declined
https://lichess.org/a2mutkg9,,,King's Pawn Game: Damiano Defense
https://lichess.org/4tzvlzbc,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation, Linksspringer Variation
https://lichess.org/nfn5iuil,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/b1g5tahy,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Scandinavian Variation, Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/jcal8119,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/1gha6a4h,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation, Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/62aug99l,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/wbv7t1np,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation
https://lichess.org/if0geiw0,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/qpnihabz,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/jvo4404y,,,Ruy Lopez: Rotary-Albany Gambit
https://lichess.org/jtkfvwhg,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/25ib7kc5,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/ppl7zecv,,,Dutch Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/zofi1uo2,,,Russian Game: Three Knights Game
https://lichess.org/9dmq3qlj,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/te12molu,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Scandinavian Variation, Bogoljubov Variation, Nimzowitsch Gambit
https://lichess.org/5dkc90r2,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/e99ii2ft,,,English Opening: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/xt2lggrr,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/zzlbas9a,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/zcb5guwk,,,King's Pawn Game: Dresden Opening
https://lichess.org/7dop71vt,,,Ruy Lopez: Schliemann Defense, Classical Variation
