https://lichess.org/6oqg0z1c,,,Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/uayudt2y,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/zzsh9o2l,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/rv1fofim,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/3j8fmmwo,,,English Opening: Anglo-Indian Defense, Hedgehog System
https://lichess.org/vqnhhc2m,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/ur7cuqlv,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/1iuwd5ca,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/urevumvh,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/2j0uj08y,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/8jmedg6h,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Queen's Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/0psmf2ea,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense
https://lichess.org/ydaoniqj,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/47pjyvmk,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/q3vx95ip,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/qaawb8g6,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/fmqj7toz,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/hj0s56wd,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/5wgby7wn,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/t3bqvrxp,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo, Normal
https://lichess.org/anzd634o,,,Dutch Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/n56180nn,,,English Opening: Carls-Bremen System
https://lichess.org/xysdxnm2,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/orkp7fuj,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/yqu2a4hz,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/tbyqrhs2,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/9tol16lx,,,Philidor Defense #4
https://lichess.org/sfxxa0mp,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/6swxe5z4,,,King's Indian Defense: Four Pawns Attack, Dynamic Attack
https://lichess.org/7uplijis,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/7cv7fsl7,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/e2zvz9qp,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/ecs16tdp,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/iw37ed8v,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Fritz Variation
https://lichess.org/g40y3aj6,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/7xyu823u,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/12a3r8lg,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/e13ptr7n,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Anti-Torre
https://lichess.org/lecnt9h4,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/bjf9ixh9,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/9zjqgw7o,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #3
https://lichess.org/xj1x0jfv,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit Deferred
https://lichess.org/dvzg877b,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/xzpme7ec,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Veresov Attack, Alburt Defense
https://lichess.org/hy9q1dxd,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/auh2g6ul,,,Russian Game: Cozio (Lasker) Attack
https://lichess.org/h4p56ny4,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/ge50rfyu,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/anx9c8oj,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/f6pdtsuc,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/a5ifx1pg,,,Zukertort Opening: Reversed Mexican Defense
https://lichess.org/orjl9sf4,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/w23jpm8l,,,Zukertort Opening: Black Mustang Defense
https://lichess.org/x1m1ldgr,,,English Opening: Anglo-Indian Defense, Hedgehog System
https://lichess.org/ooaqakvw,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Reversed Sicilian
https://lichess.org/l4bxt4d2,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/p2byk793,,,Alekhine Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/817qkwwt,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense, Beverwijk Variation
https://lichess.org/34tl00sj,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/lxu0syyx,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/izgd84k4,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/td84vnoy,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/6yhq5rmj,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/a6nnmsng,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/k7ezr5nz,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/litpnhpc,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Ryder Gambit
https://lichess.org/wdf3eve2,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/2pzsh05t,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/r4lwz6va,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/9dxljxzx,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/4m134rq9,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/za0auyjp,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #3
https://lichess.org/9k4p9z8t,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/7j49egtp,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/svhhtxyv,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/spurjbjc,,,Torre Attack #2
https://lichess.org/56021g06,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/mv2vxb1o,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #4
https://lichess.org/fhq7laa6,,,Italian Game: Schilling-Kostic Gambit
https://lichess.org/72xq3cuf,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/mdu4dtdp,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/ax8kif5p,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/mk9xl07t,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/agz4mxgm,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/drb7btk7,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System
https://lichess.org/2q7eswp2,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/wi22c7uj,,,French Defense: King's Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/pqiz0dbt,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/cudt6w4s,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/z5l4lqb0,,,Indian Game: London System
https://lichess.org/jmbjcsd5,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/cx9v6qst,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/faken376,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/55914r7q,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/yom66juh,,,Philidor Defense #4
https://lichess.org/4qtdi907,,,Vienna Game: Stanley Variation
https://lichess.org/rmktwezs,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/tbgv7wfj,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/4uked7k8,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/fgj2yzxe,,,Vienna Game
