https://lichess.org/h8i26d9n,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/zvp12sqn,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation Accepted
https://lichess.org/wr1osm77,,,Queen's Gambit
https://lichess.org/9re7t5x1,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/rgt09htt,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Anderssen Variation
https://lichess.org/xxw07xla,,,King's Pawn Game: Macleod Attack
https://lichess.org/t7edu74o,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation, Central Variation
https://lichess.org/7460iiz4,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation, Pseudo-Catalan
https://lichess.org/atm403t5,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/w8hji6p7,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/yar2p1bb,,,English Opening: Anglo-Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/wqhknq3n,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/ey69s4um,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/fxz2alqy,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/6ayk4e5o,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/5ulkdhel,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/lqq0lpji,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/kba31k76,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation
https://lichess.org/bu6czisl,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Anti-Torre
https://lichess.org/x0ywrznq,,,Sicilian Defense: Richter-Rauzer Variation, Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/3dcqc01b,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/nme6zv2c,,,Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/vqy0hma6,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #4
https://lichess.org/yg8hgp26,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/9jx20c4v,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Tarrasch Variation
https://lichess.org/qx15bcr3,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/bj6vsmte,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/n3tqp4tb,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/5qgx4o0z,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/cg5u9rlm,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense
https://lichess.org/7er74hjb,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Cunningham Defense
https://lichess.org/rbusnsmc,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/b9j8vqde,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/d5vb9l49,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/q8hcjeom,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Anti-Torre
https://lichess.org/1wmm4evu,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/p046afe5,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/nj827bqa,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/16mk7bai,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/agddyo4k,,,Alekhine Defense: Saemisch Attack
https://lichess.org/ll2836bt,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/9ge4lh07,,,Center Game: Kieseritzky Variation #4
https://lichess.org/caw02fdj,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/yjanmqlj,,,Blumenfeld Countergambit #2
https://lichess.org/e4yzyzph,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/j1fjvm3w,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/cavmf98k,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/d458d7yn,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/g5ivv4ul,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/uzopa6ax,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Normal Defense
https://lichess.org/rr9z3y8m,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Indian Variation
https://lichess.org/8xttlppd,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/cy5pstqt,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/o1lr7adi,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/42saixbf,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Cunningham Defense
https://lichess.org/biykws17,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Zeller Defense
https://lichess.org/uoquhgg6,,,Scotch Game: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/47q643z7,,,King's Pawn Game: Tayler Opening
https://lichess.org/kvqk6li7,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/54gg81hi,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Anti-Torre
https://lichess.org/w5rqi442,,,Sicilian Defense: Accelerated Dragon
https://lichess.org/uq5wylcu,,,Giuoco Piano
https://lichess.org/2s3lyrd1,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/530rkkyh,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/tezt1y70,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/y9kz8csc,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/6071aife,,,Sicilian Defense: Katalimov Variation
https://lichess.org/g8uk9fqb,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/2ok0e8jn,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/jmcoc30l,,,Saragossa Opening
https://lichess.org/lzr4kbfg,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/mt04a4gv,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/1b7a0zxb,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/s9hpaav8,,,Modern Defense: Two Knights Variation, Suttles Variation
https://lichess.org/ycntgw4s,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/s77jv4jn,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #4
https://lichess.org/x90gg1fb,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/kymcb98a,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/ptk8pl2d,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/3fntkjpw,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/zbja0dsq,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/kednwrl2,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/w77n2km1,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Reversed Sicilian
https://lichess.org/unxlh2ub,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/n3y7dlqa,,,Russian Game: Urusov Gambit
https://lichess.org/1pzfn1hh,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/86j69m28,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/l52pxwn3,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation #2
https://lichess.org/44n8yrs3,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/vamg1rtd,,,Scotch Game: Relfsson Gambit
https://lichess.org/di39aj4o,,,Englund Gambit Complex: Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/i8qee9ps,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/l8ynm8ln,,,Caro-Kann Defense #2
https://lichess.org/t71d13a6,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/sna61rbo,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/qwg4xozg,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/1q1714mi,,,Sicilian Defense: Jalalabad Variation
https://lichess.org/kw5jdl49,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #4
https://lichess.org/y2ag5g2q,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Veresov Attack, Shaviliuk Gambit
https://lichess.org/4kkus5ok,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
