https://lichess.org/mws4sun0,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/jmgne7xo,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/a2r4l4y2,,,Scandinavian Defense: Boehnke Gambit
https://lichess.org/shitge03,,,King's Pawn Game: Schulze-Mueller Gambit
https://lichess.org/sq6xqkrp,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/fbziadgz,,,Mieses Opening: Reversed Rat
https://lichess.org/dzpwv2zt,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/i8pzt3uv,,,Sicilian Defense: Open
https://lichess.org/qzmuitz0,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/0aof5rn5,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/ov7vcpeq,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/8w9m5c70,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/ti6y8rgl,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation Accepted
https://lichess.org/mymwfvr2,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/xl97hx9m,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/hrhionhr,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/38jjenhb,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/54jj5x3d,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/xeir1ydo,,,Scandinavian Defense: Blackburne Gambit
https://lichess.org/6eto0u61,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/0hhx70zd,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/q6mjnmc6,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Hillbilly Attack
https://lichess.org/n00y1kyf,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/xm8pjkj0,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/zv6erm2e,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/8ungt1n9,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/ammc0g3n,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/zzn33hw1,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/648q0of5,,,Indian Game: Omega Gambit
https://lichess.org/dk8iotdb,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/d62jzjl9,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/mk3hyg99,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/rk9i11n2,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/y7k4o10g,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/f5frvqi7,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/hnb445zy,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/28qb8qod,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/alfa333v,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/a4ohu71o,,,Ruy Lopez: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/xbsckojj,,,English Opening: King's English Variation, Kramnik-Shirov Counterattack
https://lichess.org/g53wqw4l,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/40lenlrp,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/7kscduxa,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/3xj3xjle,,,Englund Gambit Complex: Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/mcfbqhm3,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Gurgenidze System
https://lichess.org/wkfetxc9,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/ygjj1rdx,,,East Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/t0yymcb9,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/f2mz6c48,,,Scandinavian Defense: Panov Transfer
https://lichess.org/grlt3e1s,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/og2oajpb,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/3cb7ie0l,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/2nyh2q8y,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/zrw4j40h,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/wiaxw5l7,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/w8f0rdte,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/7eha1hz9,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/8icb7u5u,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/uftwx1h9,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/ab786dz6,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation, Linksspringer Variation
https://lichess.org/myw3nmy7,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/l4cfmr58,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/2rm24vxj,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/r38v8rha,,,Franco-Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/vlngxjx6,,,English Opening
https://lichess.org/jraq427q,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #4
https://lichess.org/7smteytu,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/hk8ftk88,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/63lzjqfr,,,Italian Game: Giuoco Pianissimo
https://lichess.org/zk0xurds,,,Russian Game: Modern Attack, Symmetrical Variation #2
https://lichess.org/7dzx4t58,,,Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/aers9s1a,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/pxzozcvk,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/ku8uy9be,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/9ezr64vg,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/c1112u1i,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/dh3yh2zr,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/y6x9eprv,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/h3pyynpl,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation
https://lichess.org/1qod5qij,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/9v55noxj,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/2tx789cd,,,Queen's Pawn Game: London System
https://lichess.org/qo0k2j5o,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/bjx4qfkk,,,Philidor Defense: Nimzowitsch Variation
https://lichess.org/ycysi7jk,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Franco-Nimzowitsch Variation
https://lichess.org/81qgm84o,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/kb52up4p,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/hsqro1z0,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/y0mecdld,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/493ycdmz,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/omp6w5ok,,,Center Game: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/vvyi3721,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/0ljh6ngl,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Lolli Attack
https://lichess.org/kpf7qa0u,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/nr0maxsv,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation, Greco Gambit, Traditional Line
https://lichess.org/o76pjfir,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/i95ufno7,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/xmrhwj79,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/xshxro8n,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/d9d9ty8x,,,Bishop's Opening
