https://lichess.org/1ndcctm2,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/uj6eq4wh,,,Alekhine Defense: Scandinavian Variation
https://lichess.org/ad1nvs78,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/p1psur84,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/4b6i999d,,,Scotch Game: Scotch Gambit
https://lichess.org/7cirwmyx,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Central Variation, McDonnell Defense
https://lichess.org/olm9lyf0,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Chigorin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/xm2gbmce,,,Sicilian Defense: Open #3
https://lichess.org/icgs9ahc,,,French Defense: Queen's Knight
https://lichess.org/4polnidn,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/xv3eba7f,,,Vienna Game: Anderssen Defense
https://lichess.org/kf0hfzxn,,,King's Pawn Game: Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/xwkb8uit,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/qzk544yc,,,French Defense: Tarrasch Variation, Closed Variation #2
https://lichess.org/m7gnbsgk,,,Petrov: Modern Attack
https://lichess.org/shhud233,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/ekbmk4ht,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/zni8y0io,,,Scandinavian Defense: Boehnke Gambit
https://lichess.org/ygofu2bb,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/6fkhs1q4,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/zlan4ew7,,,Latvian Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/76b67q1n,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/mjkhfm3k,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/1uv554o8,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/rgvzb1jf,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/tj1d9nja,,,King's Pawn Opening: 2.b3
https://lichess.org/zr61cwtq,,,Sicilian Defense: Wing Gambit
https://lichess.org/t2oegrfd,,,Ruy Lopez: Nuernberg Variation
https://lichess.org/8cxc9nky,,,Sicilian Defense: Alapin Variation
https://lichess.org/e5980buu,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/ttun5qfd,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/ix6ptcrd,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/7th7ja93,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/2rhsvvv3,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/dj6nyoc4,,,French Defense: Burn Variation
https://lichess.org/82psd6vi,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/iqbsdn57,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/ycfk89n1,,,Englund Gambit Complex Declined
https://lichess.org/wcy8v62c,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/uxcwiizk,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/ku6r2mnr,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/2csl4iyn,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/3y61wqhj,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/vgztvz2x,,,Latvian Gambit
https://lichess.org/l15v0tr0,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/nbtfkenn,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/bbib8cws,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/qb6rrwj1,,,French Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/3qrildly,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/7jze8md1,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Kennedy Variation
https://lichess.org/gfngdtsb,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/81fjihna,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/h6xxemn2,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/twhtjzio,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/fixgaqla,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/6czsji8v,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/urh9aecj,,,Budapest Defense: Adler Variation
https://lichess.org/lfrqx180,,,Latvian Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/bot70bb5,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/67cgruga,,,Englund Gambit Complex: Felbecker Gambit
https://lichess.org/jhcimy41,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/ygmue3mu,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/0bv2kedn,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/2dxyv10z,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/8a30vxv4,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/5mg05cdw,,,Queen's Pawn Game #3
https://lichess.org/slqmr9d8,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/uszz5caz,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/7sk9ee59,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/p4toinxa,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/72hu9o1t,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/urownzck,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/625k44r2,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/clm80k8q,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/x7hhzkh2,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/rsaod4i7,,,Alekhine Defense: Modern Variation, Panov Variation
https://lichess.org/d6i4p14z,,,King's Pawn Game: Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/n5aphif6,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/5hxk3ryw,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/f86s8i8r,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/7w44kxkf,,,Hungarian Opening: Catalan Formation
https://lichess.org/7k3yu4vs,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack, Kiddie Countergambit
https://lichess.org/6pa3u0ib,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/rk7ll61e,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/608g1j5e,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Veresov Attack, Classical Defense
https://lichess.org/ttfh9nkv,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/9ast7dk9,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/x325bape,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/0wf76d7f,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/097ectpv,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Modern Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/bu8usp9e,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/lgiio1z9,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/lyje1402,,,Englund Gambit Complex Declined
https://lichess.org/coyux0tz,,,Mieses Opening
https://lichess.org/79n0sff7,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/32g64tdl,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/h7mdchpv,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/whlcj5ev,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/1nommn8f,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense, Nimzowitsch Attack
https://lichess.org/7ke9ukec,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
