https://lichess.org/s9v23a0b,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/yo4jfoej,,,Ruy Lopez: Closed, 8.c3
https://lichess.org/a95hm7pi,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/6f2ydngm,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/niau4mq4,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/bp2553wx,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/msqhs8aa,,,Vienna Game: Vienna Gambit
https://lichess.org/pljjmstm,,,King's Pawn Game: Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/w08lbesf,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/8c0a90em,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/0jvavp5m,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/owvbyydv,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Breyer Variation
https://lichess.org/nk8o6hwz,,,Queen's Gambit
https://lichess.org/9emzdn8s,,,Grob Opening
https://lichess.org/ue8o9i3k,,,Vienna Game: Stanley Variation, Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/0iu8qks5,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/8ed0vsn5,,,East Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/yhqzbpdh,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense, Improved Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/w4ooe7jx,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/i81pto36,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/p8a882n7,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/edwc4f2u,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line, Mieses Variation
https://lichess.org/xjg5p6r3,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/k32g6rir,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #3
https://lichess.org/irwjjjnm,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/v8uv1qp5,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/vjnpp6i7,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/sbz91kgq,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/v51ul4rf,,,Sicilian Defense: Najdorf Variation
https://lichess.org/qlky0kyc,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/s1zhidag,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/0rml4w95,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/u6yyjl9x,,,Petrov's Defense #5
https://lichess.org/vix4akam,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/tohoh27t,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/9sfy6ac4,,,Tarrasch Defense: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/hcbf4ph8,,,Zukertort Opening: Reversed Mexican Defense
https://lichess.org/9m3kfwab,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line, Mieses Variation
https://lichess.org/0unqsinj,,,Italian Game: Schilling-Kostic Gambit
https://lichess.org/i6ew5o1c,,,Russian Game: Damiano Variation
https://lichess.org/p43byxxl,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/yiygx33p,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit: Fritz Attack
https://lichess.org/bvullz1s,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/031igrvc,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/5clq4beu,,,King's Pawn Game: Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/uxgcx5hs,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense, Rio Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/m0jf0k2j,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/uu1wdq7b,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/s5f9ud9n,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/irupabtf,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit
https://lichess.org/dzde7epg,,,Zukertort Opening: Pirc Invitation
https://lichess.org/cgb1uif7,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/0x88qphq,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/e7diucuu,,,Alekhine Defense: Two Pawn Attack
https://lichess.org/0id5e3z5,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/tprtt7ci,,,Tarrasch Defense: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/rn1r4bvv,,,King's Gambit
https://lichess.org/r8gwgub2,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/c5tcrt3z,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Saemisch Variation, Accelerated
https://lichess.org/f92mvpeo,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/q1vzeak2,,,Indian Game: Przepiorka Variation
https://lichess.org/y6ys1p7k,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/f5nf5d42,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/nilcj8em,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/klky69le,,,Danish Gambit Accepted, Chigorin Defense
https://lichess.org/4o91f309,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Old Variation
https://lichess.org/8zg5n0a2,,,King's Pawn Game: Napoleon Attack
https://lichess.org/r8j0n0xi,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/yrig6vd4,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/yw4v7ict,,,Budapest Defense: Adler Variation
https://lichess.org/94u4aqtt,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Gurgenidze System
https://lichess.org/yq0kh40o,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/he0j5mvo,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack, Kiddie Countergambit
https://lichess.org/lq3ffvq7,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/nz3vy25w,,,King's Pawn Game: McConnell Defense
https://lichess.org/q2otalyt,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/nbafkbp2,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/eaxl44be,,,Sicilian Defense: Lasker-Pelikan Variation, Retreat Variation
https://lichess.org/7fow0txb,,,Torre Attack
https://lichess.org/z5hzjza1,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/pd39uy0p,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Schallopp Defense
https://lichess.org/wwgzznt2,,,King's Pawn Game: Maroczy Defense
https://lichess.org/q5173mmd,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/gt8lbplp,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/4aagemec,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/8l7s0msz,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/763lom0j,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Blachly Gambit
https://lichess.org/tpz2rdp9,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/6e9srx44,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/1hm41ffh,,,Vienna Game
https://lichess.org/shll8wti,,,Pirc Defense: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/o9l6olrq,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/iie26ep1,,,Modern Defense: Averbakh Variation
https://lichess.org/7msgr7yc,,,Four Knights Game
https://lichess.org/k27yjbma,,,Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/kqoznzrr,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/v43p76b9,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation, Tal Variation
https://lichess.org/fd24lx9f,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/fpsn0gfm,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack, Kiddie Countergambit
https://lichess.org/rmrr3p35,,,Philidor Defense #2
