https://lichess.org/7y42jpl9,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/qj4gxz4f,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation, Central Variation
https://lichess.org/ypf6jf33,,,Sicilian Defense: Delayed Alapin
https://lichess.org/jfc2z2f8,,,Italian Game
https://lichess.org/gts2ecd3,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/1usg9ihq,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/8a6ep2sq,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/yn7de1mx,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/ya62rz9t,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/lh7bsx1o,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/9rot87id,,,Indian Game: Reversed Chigorin Defense
https://lichess.org/xld2uyi7,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni-Indian Defense
https://lichess.org/dobk0qv1,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/f3cl75ie,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/lgwkie4g,,,Scandinavian Defense: Marshall Variation
https://lichess.org/p6if77l4,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/5fgxo09r,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/y6sxsrd8,,,French Defense: Mediterranean Defense
https://lichess.org/s3jeek7u,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/upnfwsq4,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Franco-Nimzowitsch Variation
https://lichess.org/gd44fe89,,,Philidor Defense: Hanham Variation
https://lichess.org/dtfx0dp5,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/lwdtyoi1,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/085p3a6u,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/suadli83,,,Italian Game: Anti-Fried Liver Defense
https://lichess.org/igjkv3rc,,,Vienna Game: Max Lange Defense
https://lichess.org/gdo3g3l8,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #4
https://lichess.org/sk9l94ny,,,Indian Game: Gedult Attack, Gedult Attack
https://lichess.org/2pgi6o35,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/flv882cr,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/ima6007a,,,Slav Defense: Slav Gambit, Alekhine Attack
https://lichess.org/xz5kf9bg,,,Zukertort Opening: Queenside Fianchetto Variation
https://lichess.org/8r9e9rrv,,,Scotch Game: Scotch Gambit
https://lichess.org/5b9y34d7,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/5iwqkyb6,,,Reti Opening #2
https://lichess.org/7zylzvuz,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/v3w5avhr,,,Latvian Gambit
https://lichess.org/m7godtw4,,,King's Gambit Accepted, King's Knight Gambit
https://lichess.org/hjic318b,,,Scandinavian Defense: Panov Transfer
https://lichess.org/610ye7sk,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/x4aqx3pd,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/y62zjt43,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/ouf5vbdj,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/vpnde1rs,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/cifbm7ry,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/2fspsy20,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/j08tugm3,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/vuyhjbh6,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/fn114fd1,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/2mao8yj7,,,Italian Game: Two Knights Defense, Modern Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/xbr1g6cm,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/leynw8cf,,,French Defense: Perseus Gambit
https://lichess.org/dof1o438,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/zbsrw25f,,,Scotch Game: Goering Gambit, Double Pawn Sacrifice
https://lichess.org/5vnqb76q,,,Vienna Game: Vienna Gambit, Main Line
https://lichess.org/50jdv0gx,,,Scotch Game: Goering Gambit, Double Pawn Sacrifice
https://lichess.org/fije9wzv,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/znze3mn2,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/1of2apqb,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/w55cwrou,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/rbhpj0me,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Scandinavian Variation, Bogoljubov Variation
https://lichess.org/v81rg1hy,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/leuraoi6,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/gwtl8e2q,,,Bishop's Opening: Vienna Hybrid
https://lichess.org/29jq7pzr,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/mys0dsgk,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/kfbwi22f,,,French Defense: Paulsen Variation
https://lichess.org/ht74rm7w,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Three Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/4tfi7593,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Pseudo-Spanish Variation
https://lichess.org/qwkh01uk,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/4ljs93c4,,,Zukertort Opening: Old Indian Attack
https://lichess.org/qagoc843,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/tkq6kkea,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/dm7dfm46,,,Scotch Game: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/v6g2wnel,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/4aj68i47,,,Torre Attack
https://lichess.org/9nva4eff,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/ztkbushh,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/m27j4xd0,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/kekwtthz,,,Sicilian Defense: Scheveningen Variation, Modern Variation #3
https://lichess.org/dehq8kwp,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/q8s8qft7,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/t452y2b6,,,Russian Game: Damiano Variation, Kholmov Gambit
https://lichess.org/ga69dgi9,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/5162d8wr,,,Scotch Game: Schmidt Variation
https://lichess.org/3aeq5j5v,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Accelerated Panov Attack, Open Variation
https://lichess.org/n1f1p2fv,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/e8inkaqv,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/s0848jlk,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/nnnw4bh2,,,Scotch Game: Scotch Gambit
https://lichess.org/l0bhdclv,,,Scotch Game: Goering Gambit, Double Pawn Sacrifice
https://lichess.org/m9suxr9y,,,Latvian Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/8n6sr3vm,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/kv7yshau,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Breyer Variation
https://lichess.org/dt8p81v6,,,Danish Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/i05l1c2g,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Showalter Variation
https://lichess.org/1dg6vhzx,,,Scotch Game: Benima Defense
https://lichess.org/wqd5pixm,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/wmuzblsk,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Franco-Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/ip6opmjv,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
