https://lichess.org/dc9a9nn8,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Franco-Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/4uabz76d,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/5ru514sf,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/s40ybu73,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/9t1pccqg,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/m6syz8vg,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/z0cghg2v,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/yvqnj4lj,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/opg9leow,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Normal Defense
https://lichess.org/2h89xjxu,,,Alekhine Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/w868zuwl,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/1gtuincw,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/vub2msd6,,,Danish Gambit
https://lichess.org/xxcrahjq,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Fischer Defense
https://lichess.org/45ap3b8j,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/c9iqjpsy,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/vbqri38h,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/nia76tg3,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/zr2iogq3,,,Alekhine Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/uryjqoy2,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/e4fhwi81,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/665gi23c,,,Old Indian Defense: Janowski Variation, Main Line
https://lichess.org/2e7iug2r,,,Bishop's Opening: Boi Variation
https://lichess.org/f46lz2su,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/a4ix7esr,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/vpudsl5z,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/3c09sb89,,,Sicilian Defense: Najdorf Variation, English Attack
https://lichess.org/3ct4rb1d,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen Variation, Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/58qh67pg,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/d1nqnc5d,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/w6hxwmwl,,,Ruy Lopez: Nuernberg Variation
https://lichess.org/cgxodoqn,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/xjm1lpqz,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/wmigclrj,,,Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/94ylslzg,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/a8j365uq,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Euwe Variation
https://lichess.org/tr0q7f4x,,,Four Knights Game: Scotch Variation Accepted
https://lichess.org/tx3c2kvb,,,Rat Defense: Small Center Defense
https://lichess.org/ib80ehyq,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/5lih8rz8,,,Vienna Game
https://lichess.org/dybna9v3,,,Polish Opening
https://lichess.org/jm60gxzs,,,Scotch Game: Goering Gambit, Bardeleben Variation
https://lichess.org/xvv24ohb,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Saduleto Variation
https://lichess.org/y33d7j3q,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/eh50tamp,,,Sicilian Defense: Smith-Morra Gambit #2
https://lichess.org/3zv07vuh,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System
https://lichess.org/2vou6lap,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/7klmsfes,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/3l5g4klp,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/e7d6ujcz,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/cgmfjqgv,,,French Defense: Steinitz Attack
https://lichess.org/brmzqaqt,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/rfvaf3yv,,,King's Pawn Game: Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/ztfe2u02,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/p68cm9uq,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/5xvzh2gk,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/zg5qkz2s,,,Italian Game: Classical Variation #2
https://lichess.org/wh8zm9hn,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/2qk5wc0g,,,Benoni Defense: King's Pawn Line
https://lichess.org/cmcfn8j3,,,French Defense: Tarrasch Variation, Closed Variation
https://lichess.org/xuoiotl2,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/1td0aoc5,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/p9zo0wft,,,Polish Defense
https://lichess.org/h5ha9745,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/hsgzna50,,,Philidor Defense #4
https://lichess.org/8q4u86be,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Classical Variation, Main Line
https://lichess.org/9uhxay5n,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Zukertort Variation
https://lichess.org/6j9k3u9p,,,Ruy Lopez: Classical Variation, Central Variation
https://lichess.org/sjv33jgt,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/35z7zx2q,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/ykqh1yul,,,French Defense #2
https://lichess.org/cxk43fpy,,,Queen's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/e75cbx3j,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/fpx3djyj,,,Portuguese Opening
https://lichess.org/gzoch6gh,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/ec16bq0j,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/hk21t53b,,,Slav Defense #2
https://lichess.org/wxtwwlwi,,,Hungarian Opening
https://lichess.org/1647n95p,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/ojgieai3,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Quiet Variation
https://lichess.org/ef1q7f77,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/yvc9zcyh,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/liigpgx2,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/pzb5qgu7,,,King's Indian Defense: Zinnowitz Variation
https://lichess.org/n41ohyy2,,,Nimzowitsch Defense: Scandinavian Variation
https://lichess.org/zd8vhu9k,,,Sicilian Defense: Paulsen Variation, Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/gwxsbgnb,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/ihkublcl,,,French Defense: Advance Variation, Milner-Barry Gambit
https://lichess.org/v8b7jmgf,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Steinitz Deferred
https://lichess.org/eoj2dx6m,,,Ruy Lopez: Berlin Defense #2
https://lichess.org/mzizsqvp,,,King's Pawn Game: Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/54tl34kl,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/c5qd752v,,,Vienna Game
https://lichess.org/pchtp0q1,,,Queen's Pawn Game: London System
https://lichess.org/rl47h8ww,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/fcn58wbn,,,Colle System
https://lichess.org/6pe2lkbk,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/3qwp1lte,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/0bmb4pf7,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/g059ub2i,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
