https://lichess.org/7ucr2xae,,,Queen's Gambit Declined
https://lichess.org/vjm35g5w,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/9neta11j,,,Queen's Pawn
https://lichess.org/ex4cy9ei,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Stamma Gambit
https://lichess.org/0dcgbkbm,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/jxdrttih,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/6suq0hk4,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted: Central Variation, Greco Variation
https://lichess.org/bg6oppod,,,English Opening: Four Knights System, Nimzowitsch Variation
https://lichess.org/ns3toko1,,,French Defense: Mediterranean Defense
https://lichess.org/chg28rw1,,,Philidor Defense: Lion Variation
https://lichess.org/37884qy2,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/s1z3qysq,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Fischer Defense
https://lichess.org/tuaydniz,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/70u8ipxx,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Classical Variation, Main Line
https://lichess.org/10us7exg,,,Nimzowitsch Defense
https://lichess.org/os2gn15a,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/0aqxj4vw,,,Colle System #2
https://lichess.org/ovq7dygb,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/qncoqkw7,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: English Variation
https://lichess.org/ndtnueku,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/3hd5l22a,,,King's Knight Opening
https://lichess.org/jyijua4l,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/9nzbzl97,,,Sicilian Defense: Dragon Variation, Yugoslav Attack
https://lichess.org/qhfnlg7j,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/ktygc4dm,,,Hungarian Opening: Slav Formation
https://lichess.org/un917ms8,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Classical Variation
https://lichess.org/2kxwbv71,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #4
https://lichess.org/sh2sxxe7,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/cc219wis,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/yp53vadq,,,Owen Defense: Smith Gambit
https://lichess.org/2bl62vxd,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Panov Attack
https://lichess.org/nqhw6sn0,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/gclz7b8o,,,French Defense: Classical Variation, Steinitz Variation
https://lichess.org/k7x6cgkt,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/wqt7no5d,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/w336vyh2,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/64md8d4c,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Symmetrical Variation
https://lichess.org/85n5qqi0,,,Philidor Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/stehi7sm,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/tqngr6ul,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/5y7ksnkn,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/80c9hnun,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Normal Defense
https://lichess.org/9wnhv9br,,,Ruy Lopez: Morphy Defense, Caro Variation
https://lichess.org/dg10093u,,,St. George Defense
https://lichess.org/nq8pjzqg,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/m9nazpsf,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/iqk29qmf,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/lai066if,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/ks77xvij,,,Alekhine Defense: Brooklyn Variation
https://lichess.org/vr8sfv9v,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/el00hbdp,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/2bdfoyp6,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/n8zwyvhk,,,Alekhine Defense: Maroczy Variation
https://lichess.org/d4gsrdz3,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/lxpqv2r0,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/pqcvxp61,,,King's Pawn Game: Busch-Gass Gambit
https://lichess.org/zv1l1f4d,,,Scandinavian Defense: Kloosterboer Gambit
https://lichess.org/zbvwjr5q,,,English Defense #2
https://lichess.org/58p0y8mx,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/1p2kkv80,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #3
https://lichess.org/40og5guu,,,Franco-Benoni Defense
https://lichess.org/2k16eh8c,,,King's Pawn Game: Beyer Gambit
https://lichess.org/cyxcge6v,,,Tarrasch Defense: Prague Variation
https://lichess.org/ot2z2o4o,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/qjc9i1px,,,Dutch Defense
https://lichess.org/79z6488d,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/pptn5dgm,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/xz1hollx,,,English Opening: Anglo-Scandinavian Defense
https://lichess.org/y1tfcgen,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/qb73o6ow,,,English Opening: King's English Variation
https://lichess.org/pzrifeip,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/qf2nxck6,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack: Modern Variation #4
https://lichess.org/wl7pcp3x,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/4j07peu2,,,Queen's Gambit Refused: Marshall Defense
https://lichess.org/x7o83xix,,,Semi-Slav Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/o7q9kut9,,,King's Pawn Game: Leonardis Variation
https://lichess.org/aitf507i,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/lwio5kic,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/5k6wp2xk,,,Four Knights Game: Italian Variation
https://lichess.org/lfn2uv2l,,,Bird Opening
https://lichess.org/41a5ygc0,,,Nimzo-Larsen Attack
https://lichess.org/2mhcfyoq,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/ej15ab42,,,King's Knight Opening: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/jgy7uwq8,,,Hungarian Opening: Slav Formation
https://lichess.org/upi7d8rq,,,King's Gambit Accepted, Hanstein Gambit
https://lichess.org/qmt9h9gw,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/z590g03z,,,Sicilian Defense: Old Sicilian
https://lichess.org/27k2bn6j,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/aqbu5ms8,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/e2nt5ac0,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/lxf0jmf8,,,Sicilian Defense: Dragon Variation
https://lichess.org/8svfvc2n,,,Philidor Defense #3
https://lichess.org/7nkcwkl7,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/qbvmighy,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/6dtnnd1e,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/mz7lrs6x,,,Blackmar-Diemer Gambit Declined, Lamb Defense
https://lichess.org/h1eicc4l,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/4ax2n7tf,,,Elephant Gambit
https://lichess.org/xlzljslz,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/5c76iqdn,,,Sicilian Defense: Kan Variation, Knight Variation
