https://lichess.org/pm1wwcz4,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/51sc8p98,,,Vienna Game
https://lichess.org/q1waxaq8,,,Ruy Lopez: Steinitz Defense
https://lichess.org/jvlmpvia,,,Amazon Attack: Siberian Attack
https://lichess.org/bp6in2nn,,,Bird Opening: Dutch Variation
https://lichess.org/gzbpafyi,,,Sicilian Defense #2
https://lichess.org/gto9zeev,,,King's Gambit Accepted, MacLeod Defense
https://lichess.org/gsn5zn73,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/zi4ivoy4,,,Scandinavian Defense: Modern Variation #2
https://lichess.org/vx74e95i,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/8fril99f,,,Sicilian Defense
https://lichess.org/4wh5khdq,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Panov Attack #2
https://lichess.org/qjbm3uvl,,,Sicilian Defense: Bowdler Attack
https://lichess.org/lkezjniv,,,Sicilian Defense: Staunton-Cochrane Variation
https://lichess.org/pc8v9aaw,,,French Defense: Rubinstein Variation
https://lichess.org/zwxcyeyb,,,Scandinavian Defense: Main Line
https://lichess.org/jpkei2gy,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/1z5nkyp1,,,Center Game #2
https://lichess.org/55j2xoaf,,,Englund Gambit Complex: Englund Gambit
https://lichess.org/b2v9ywcx,,,Scandinavian Defense: Mieses-Kotroc Variation
https://lichess.org/64506o46,,,Rat Defense: Harmonist
https://lichess.org/2c327r0n,,,Scotch Game
https://lichess.org/9zbu1fgu,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/o9yfxna7,,,French Defense: Advance Variation #2
https://lichess.org/i65vzjf1,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/uslyagmz,,,Queen's Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/hufta056,,,King's Indian Defense: Six Pawns Attack
https://lichess.org/o4fhxeuo,,,Four Knights Game: Spanish Variation
https://lichess.org/jld0qi8h,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation
https://lichess.org/f71ovbey,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/lgr2f9y7,,,Goldsmith Defense
https://lichess.org/tlpkb003,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/m63vlp8q,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/gnb9hn1d,,,French Defense: Burn Variation
https://lichess.org/cyo8t8mt,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/fdg0gzpx,,,Philidor Defense #2
https://lichess.org/an5uuiyu,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Advance Variation, Short Variation
https://lichess.org/dwr1jez7,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/ycxostto,,,Sicilian Defense: Open #2
https://lichess.org/xio3mefm,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Colle System
https://lichess.org/knh0soyg,,,Mieses Opening: Reversed Rat
https://lichess.org/gkezzn21,,,King's Pawn Game
https://lichess.org/sly8uleg,,,Slav Defense: Soultanbeieff Variation
https://lichess.org/6aa26jia,,,King's Pawn Opening: 2.b3
https://lichess.org/c1j6suan,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/2hq4db5n,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Accelerated Panov Attack #2
https://lichess.org/t602jzxg,,,Modern Defense: Mongredien Defense #2
https://lichess.org/xlzaw8cn,,,Owen Defense
https://lichess.org/o06hx32z,,,French Defense: Knight Variation
https://lichess.org/oea3503n,,,Nimzo-Indian Defense: Normal Variation, Ragozin Variation
https://lichess.org/lyvavg27,,,French Defense: La Bourdonnais Variation
https://lichess.org/w6obaf5c,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Chigorin Variation
https://lichess.org/q4smtddf,,,King's Gambit Declined: Keene's Defense #2
https://lichess.org/0x9sqku6,,,Modern Defense: Pseudo-Austrian Attack
https://lichess.org/85trggee,,,Anderssen Opening
https://lichess.org/wkazi52o,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/2eiyiz88,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/q643stqc,,,Scandinavian Defense: Panov Transfer
https://lichess.org/j9brbf58,,,Sicilian Defense: McDonnell Attack
https://lichess.org/647wg187,,,Queen's Gambit Declined: Normal Defense
https://lichess.org/pvp9wui1,,,Hungarian Opening: Slav Formation
https://lichess.org/g3orrvzq,,,Sicilian Defense: Modern Variations, Tartakower
https://lichess.org/izlfkehm,,,Ware Opening
https://lichess.org/vearwmba,,,Ruy Lopez: Cozio Defense
https://lichess.org/wyxy4szg,,,King's Pawn Game: King's Head Opening #2
https://lichess.org/4p3l1zjq,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/l68uct88,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/5psccdm0,,,Slav Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/0s6fmzyx,,,French Defense: Classical Variation, Steinitz Variation
https://lichess.org/1qx160x0,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/2wf8ta39,,,Bishop's Opening
https://lichess.org/wzfkda1w,,,French Defense: Normal Variation
https://lichess.org/m91p5vcs,,,Benoni Defense: Benoni Gambit Accepted
https://lichess.org/cu3hedz6,,,Van't Kruijs Opening
https://lichess.org/mm1fckgq,,,Sicilian Defense: French Variation
https://lichess.org/io1kkxaj,,,Caro-Kann Defense
https://lichess.org/qpwvedsb,,,Philidor Defense
https://lichess.org/jw1mk5dp,,,Slav Defense
https://lichess.org/y7vlt0wb,,,Robatsch (Modern) Defense
https://lichess.org/u160ism9,,,English Opening: The Whale
https://lichess.org/z1fng3zs,,,English Opening: Caro-Kann Defensive System
https://lichess.org/edfcqcr2,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/l0ntar7q,,,Modern Defense
https://lichess.org/ubyu6pee,,,Sicilian Defense: Accelerated Dragon
https://lichess.org/qlbh49a4,,,Caro-Kann Defense: Exchange Variation
https://lichess.org/oz6n3gdp,,,Three Knights Opening
https://lichess.org/yphij9wm,,,King's Pawn Game: Wayward Queen Attack
https://lichess.org/5mqdxyl5,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
https://lichess.org/o6yijx2q,,,Ruy Lopez
https://lichess.org/wjdh99di,,,French Defense: Two Knights Variation
https://lichess.org/pti3ehop,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/0q6gmdsq,,,Modern Defense: Two Knights Variation, Suttles Variation
https://lichess.org/64knqzyi,,,Horwitz Defense
https://lichess.org/4fh11xne,,,Pirc Defense #4
https://lichess.org/yz7p27xn,,,Indian Game
https://lichess.org/pirakx3w,,,Philidor Defense #4
https://lichess.org/ynimtoit,,,Queen's Pawn Game #2
https://lichess.org/unaqgt9p,,,Italian Game: Rosentreter Gambit
https://lichess.org/fuzbotl7,,,Bishop's Opening: Berlin Defense
https://lichess.org/o7w297yw,,,Queen's Pawn Game: Mason Attack
